You don't look very well. Are you sick?	Ne izgledaš baš najbolje. Jesi li bolestan?	you	0	0
Tom and I were friends.	Tom i ja smo bili prijatelji.	i	0	0
Who left the lights on in the office?	Ко је уставио упаљена светла у канцеларији?	the	0	0
Tom wants you to know that he really wants to do that.	Том хоће да знаш да он стварно жели да уради то.	to	0	0
Did I come at a bad time?	Da li sam došao u nezgodno vreme?	a	0	0
It shocked me.	To me je šokiralo.	it	0	0
And what do you think now?	А шта мислите сада?	and	0	0
It goes without saying that at that time a kind of friendship beyond master and disciple grew between the two of them.	Podrazumeva se da je među njima postajalo jedno prijateljstvo koje je prevazilazilo odnos gospodara i apostola u to vreme.	that	0	0
Have you ever used one of these?	Da li si nekad koristio neki od ovih?	of	0	0
Is that a coyote?	Да ли је то којот?	is	0	0
She decided to go and study in the USA.	Odlučila je da ode i studira u SAD-u.	in	0	0
I don't know what I should do with these.	Не знам шта да радим са овима.	what	0	0
We exchanged greetings.	Размениле смо поздраве.	we	0	0
Don't argue with me.	Не расправљај се са мном!	me	0	0
Just stay out of this.	Samo se kloni ovoga.	this	0	0
He came at about four o'clock.	Došao je oko četiri sata.	he	0	0
Tom used to write articles for the local newspaper.	Tom je ranije pisao članke za lokalne novine.	for	0	0
I'm proud of my family.	Ponosna sam na svoju porodicu.	my	0	0
Tom posted some drink recipes on his blog.	Том је објавио неке рецепте за пића на свом блогу.	on	0	0
Tom didn't have an accomplice.	Том није имао саучесника.	have	0	0
Do you remember when your father's birthday is?	Да ли памтите рођендан вашег оца?	your	0	0
Do you know anyone who can do that?	Познајеш ли некога ко може да уради то?	do	0	0
None of us had any idea what was going to happen.	Niko od nas nije imao pojma šta će se dogoditi.	was	0	0
No one knows what will come of it.	Нико не зна шта ће испасти.	no	0	0
We're not Canadians.	Нисмо Канађани.	not	0	0
It’s a huge pleasure for me to be here with all of you.	Велико ми је задовољство што сам овде са вама.	be	0	0
Are you allowed to go?	Да ли ти је дозвољено да одеш?	are	0	0
I know Tom wouldn't do that again.	Знам да Том не би желео да то ради опет.	know	0	0
How can you put up with that guy?	Kako možeš da trpiš tog momka?	can	0	0
I have nothing to do with this.	Ја немам никакве везе са овим.	with	0	0
The lie sounds good, but I'd like to listen to the unembellished truth.	Та лаж лепо звучи, али ја бих желео да чујем чисту истину.	but	0	0
Do you all agree?	Да ли се сви слажете?	all	0	0
This is the best thing I've heard so far.	To je najbolje od svega što sam do sada čuo.	so	0	0
Something just came up.	Nešto je upravo iskrslo.	just	0	0
Where there is grass, there is no water. Where there is water, there is no grass.	Где има траве, нема воде. Где има воде, нема траве.	there	0	0
Tom might have to stay here for a couple of days.	Tom će možda morati da ostane ovde nekoliko dana.	here	0	0
They decided to get married.	Odlučili su da se uzmu.	they	0	0
I would like some further details.	Voleo bih još neke detalje.	like	0	0
Discussing the matter won't get us anywhere.	Разговор о овоме нас неће одвести нигде.	get	0	0
She is unconscious.	Изгубила је свест.	she	0	0
I told Tom I wouldn't go there.	Рекла сам Тому да нећу да идем тамо.	go	0	0
You need a car if you live in the suburbs.	Potreban ti je automobil ako živiš u predgrađu.	if	0	0
Do you feel all right today?	Da li se osećaš dobro danas?	right	0	0
Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	out	0	0
When did you find out about what happened?	Када си сазнала шта се десило?	about	0	0
Shut up!	Prekini!	up	0	0
Tom is very good at changing the subject.	Tom veoma vešto ume da promeni temu razgovora.	at	0	0
Tell him I'm innocent.	Reci mu da sam nevina.	him	0	0
Let's do that right now.	Хајде да одмах урадимо то.	now	0	0
Oh, how late it is!	О, како је касно!	oh	0	0
Tom is one of the most interesting guys I've ever met.	Tom je jedan od najinteresantnijih momaka koje sam ikad upoznao.	one	0	0
I'm sure that Tom will come to the party.	Sigurna sam da će Tom doći na zabavu.	come	0	0
You're looking very well.	Изгледаш одлично.	well	0	0
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.	Meri se vratila iz škole u suzama jer su je drugari zadirkivali.	her	0	0
How old are you really?	Koliko stvarno imaš godina?	how	0	0
Yeah, isn't that great?	Da, nije li odlično?	yeah	0	0
If it rains, the event will be canceled.	Ako padne kiša, događaj će biti otkazan.	will	0	0
I've got an idea.	Imam ideju.	got	0	0
Does Tom want the job?	Да ли Том жели посао?	want	0	0
I think that's legal.	Мислим да је легално.	think	0	0
Mosquitoes in Minnesota are as big as storks.	Комарци у Минесоти су велики као роде.	as	0	0
If you see Tom, could you give this to him?	Ако видиш Тома, да ли можеш да му даш ово?	see	0	0
I believe that Tom did it.	Мислим да је Том урадио то.	did	0	0
Tom is a good husband and a wonderful father.	Том је добар муж и диван отац.	good	0	0
Who disagreed?	Ко се није слагао?	who	0	0
Tell me why you did it.	Kažite mi zašto ste uradili to.	why	0	0
I like Australia and people from Australia.	Свиђа ми се Аустралија и људи из Аустралије.	from	0	0
Let me play.	Пустите ме да се играм.	let	0	0
He got his shirt mended by his wife.	Njegova žena mu je zakrpila košulju.	his	0	0
Yes, I want to have a baby, but now I'm going to write some more sentences.	Da, želim da imam bebu, ali sada ću ovde da napišem još nekoliko rečenica.	yes	0	0
When was the last time you had a date?	Када си последњи пут изашао на састанак?	when	0	0
I'm going to use what you give me.	Употребићу оно што сте ми дали.	going	0	0
We can save a little time if we do what Tom suggests.	Možemo da uštedimo malo vremena ako uradimo ono što predlaže Tom.	time	0	0
That's an unusual one.	Kako je čudan.	an	0	0
"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	okay	0	0
Give me back my bottle.	Vratite mi moju flašu.	back	0	0
You look good for your age.	Izgledaš dobro za svoje godine.	look	0	0
Does Tom want us to leave?	Да ли Том жели да одемо?	us	0	0
Would you like a lift?	Да ли хоћеш да те повезем?	would	0	0
Leave them.	Остави их.	them	0	0
Where did you buy that hat?	Где си купио тај шешир?	where	0	0
I thought you were going to Boston by bus.	Mislio sam da ideš u Bostom autobusom.	were	0	0
Take control.	Преузмите контролу.	take	0	0
I was a baby then.	Тада сам била беба.	then	0	0
Everybody but Tom had a hat on.	Сви сем Тома су носили шешир.	had	0	0
I'm hoping that I can write two or three songs over the weekend.	Nadam se da mogu da napišem dve ili tri pesme tokom vikenda.	or	0	0
I've been giving Tom gifts.	Поклањао сам ствари Тому.	been	0	0
We will present our idea to the committee.	Predstavićemo svoje ideje odboru.	our	0	0
I'm gonna go take a nap for an hour.	Idem da dremnem za oko sat vremena.	gonna	0	0
Tell Tom what Mary did.	Reci Tomu šta je Meri uradila.	tell	0	0
Do you really think I'm selfish?	Da li zaista mislite da sam sebičan?	really	0	0
I know who the man is.	Знам ко је тај човек.	man	0	0
Tom took some time off to travel to Thailand.	Tom je uzeo slobodne dane da otputuje na Tajland.	some	0	0
What did I forget to say?	Šta sam zaboravio da kažem?	say	0	0
Hey, relax.	Hej, opušteno.	hey	0	0
I could use a beer.	Treba mi pivo.	could	0	0
I've actually never done that by myself.	Заправо никад сам нисам радио то.	by	0	0
I don't know how long I'll need to stay in Boston.	Не знам колико дуго ћу морати да останем у Бостону.	need	0	0
Say something.	Реци нешто.	something	0	0
Has Tom been fed?	Da li je Tom nahranjen?	has	0	0
I drink tea, too.	И ја пијем чај.	too	0	0
You need to be more aggressive.	Мораш да будеш агресивнији.	more	0	0
There's no way that's going to work well.	Нема шансе да ће то упалити.	way	0	0
Quiet down.	Стишајте се.	down	0	0
I'll make a video for you.	Направићу ти идео.	make	0	0
That's very dangerous.	To je veoma opasno.	very	0	0
It's never fun to lose.	Nikad nije zabavno kad izgubiš.	never	0	0
I hope I'm not the only one who'll be there.	Nadam se da nisam jedini koji će biti tamo.	only	0	0
People lie.	Људи лажу.	people	0	0
Take a seat over there.	Седи тамо.	over	0	0
Just because something is possible doesn't make it a good idea.	Ne znači da je nešto dobra ideja samo zato što je moguće.	because	0	0
"Learn from your mistakes" and "Experience is the best teacher" they say, but in the long run even the best teacher gets mad, if he or she has too much to teach in too little time.	"Učite iz svojih grešaka" i "Iskustvo je najbolji učitelj", kažu, ali na duge staze čak i najbolji učitelj pobesni, ako on ili ona ima previše da predaje u premalo vremena.	little	0	0
Please don't shout.	Molim vas, ne derite se.	please	0	0
She said 'I love you' to me.	Рекла ми је, "Ја те волим."	love	0	0
You should be a writer.	Trebao bi da budeš pisac.	should	0	0
They did mean that.	Stvarno su mislili to.	mean	0	0
Tom said that he takes a walk every day.	Том је рекао да се шета сваког дана.	said	0	0
I am sorry I cannot help you now. I am busy.	Izvini, sada ne mogu da ti pomognem. Zauzet sam.	sorry	0	0
Give it some thought.	Размисли мало.	give	0	0
I got off the train.	Сишао сам са воза.	off	0	0
I am deeply ashamed.	Дубоко сам постиђена.	am	0	0
Thank you for your warm words.	Hvala ti na toplim rečima.	thank	0	0
I don't have any close friends.	Nemam bliskih prijatelja.	any	0	0
I plan to stay for two or three days.	Планирам да останем два или три дана.	two	0	0
I can't even imagine what you must've gone through.	Не могу ни да замислим кроз шта мора да си прошао.	even	0	0
Emma was much in evidence during the party.	Ема је била веома упадљива на журци.	much	0	0
I was drunk and didn't know what I was doing.	Напио сам се и нисам знао шта радим.	doing	0	0
I'm sure I'll miss Tom a lot.	Sigurna sam da će Tom mnogo da mi nedostaje.	sure	0	0
I'm too old for this sort of thing.	Prestara sam ja za ovo.	thing	0	0
I need these.	Требају ми ове.	these	0	0
I can't help.	Не могу да помогнем.	help	0	0
We arrived first.	Ми смо стигли први.	first	0	0
I'm looking into that right now.	Trenutno istražujem to.	into	0	0
I'm not going to say anything.	Ништа нећу рећи.	anything	0	0
I still consider Tom to be my best friend.	И даље сматрам Тома најбољим пријатељем.	still	0	0
Did Tom find her?	Da li ju je Tom našao?	find	0	0
So goes life!	Такав је живот!	life	0	0
I saw nothing.	Нисам видео ништа.	nothing	0	0
Come back later, sir.	Вратите се касније, господине.	sir	0	0
If you want to be a pianist, you should practice every day, or at least almost every day.	Ако желиш да будеш пијаниста, треба да вежбаш сваки дан, или барем скоро сваки дан.	day	0	0
Dear God, people really find it difficult when they have to point out one thing or another about you, such as your attitudes or your appearance.	Dragi Bože, ljudima je zaista teško kada moraju da ti skrenu pažnju na jednu ili drugu stvar o tebi, tvojim stavovima ili tvom izgledu, na primer.	god	0	0
Does Tom work at all?	Да ли Том уопште ради?	work	0	0
The Queen and the King have again united their powers.	Kraljica i kralj su ponovo ujedinili svoje moći.	their	0	0
Will we see Tom again?	Da li ćemo opet videti Toma?	again	0	0
Maybe Tom would be willing to do that.	Možda će se Tom složiti da uradi to.	maybe	0	0
You must have had a hard time.	Сигурно ти је било тешко.	must	0	0
We need to finish this project before October.	Морамо да завршимо овај пројекат пре октобра.	before	0	0
Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.	Drugi naučnici pregovaraju o njegovoj teoriji o nestanku dinosaurusa.	other	0	0
We had to wait a very long time.	Морали смо да чекамо много дуго.	wait	0	0
Stop whining.	Престани да кукаш.	stop	0	0
Call it what you want.	Zovi ga kako hoćeš.	call	0	0
I arrived after the meeting was over.	Стигла сам када се састанак завршио.	after	0	0
I finally won.	Коначно сам победио.	won	0	0
I'll talk to Tom about this.	Pričaću sa Tomom o ovome.	talk	0	0
I don't want anybody in my room while I'm away.	Не желим никога у мојој соби док нисам ту.	away	0	0
This watch is less expensive than that one.	Ovaj sat je jeftiniji od tog.	than	0	0
I thought the food was excellent.	Mislio sam da je hrana odlična.	thought	0	0
Call home!	Зови кући!	home	0	0
Tom was walking in the park alone at night when he got mugged.	Том је сам ходао парком током ноћи када су га опљачкали.	night	0	0
Tom took the box to the basement and put it on top of the other boxes.	Том је однео кутију у подрум и ставио је поврх других кутија.	put	0	0
Tom has a great poker face.	Има има одличан покер фејс.	great	0	0
Are those artificial flowers?	Да ли је то вештачко цвеће?	those	0	0
He breathed his last breath.	Он је издахнуо.	last	0	0
Oh, that's even better.	О, то је још боље.	better	0	0
Everything is okay in the end. If it's not okay, then it's not the end.	Све ће бити у реду на крају. Ако није у реду, онда није ни крај.	everything	0	0
Tom was told that he should help Mary.	Тому су рекли да треба да помогне Мери.	told	0	0
Are those new shoes?	Jesu li to nove cipele?	new	0	0
There are too many things to do!	Има превише ствари које треба да се обаве!	things	0	0
Always be prepared.	Увек буди спреман.	always	0	0
I'll keep you updated.	Obaveštavaću te.	keep	0	0
How long have you been here?	Koliko dugo si ovde?	long	0	0
Our school is 80 years old.	Naša škola postoji 80 godina.	years	0	0
Leave them.	Напустите их.	leave	0	0
Does Tom surf?	Да ли Том сурфује?	does	0	0
I gave a lot of money to Tom.	Дала сам много пара Тому.	money	0	0
He looked around.	Погледао је около.	around	0	0
This is my mother. Her name is Beatrice.	Ово је моја мајка. Она се зове Беатриса.	name	0	0
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.	Могу да додирнем под длановима а да не савијем колена.	place	0	0
I don't intend to ever talk to Tom again.	Ne nameravam da ikad više razgovaram sa Tomom.	ever	0	0
I want to feel important.	Želim da se osećam bitno.	feel	0	0
I have to say I envy you guys.	Moram priznati da vam zavidim.	guys	0	0
You're just like your father.	Иста си као отац.	father	0	0
That guy is completely nuts!	Taj tip je potpuno lud!	guy	0	0
Then our chairman came up with a good idea, which we have made into a great plan.	Onda je naš rukovodilac došao na dobru ideju i napravili smo odličan plan.	made	0	0
He is twice as old as she is.	Двоструко је старији од ње.	old	0	0
Which students will take the test?	Koji studenti će raditi test?	which	0	0
You've been a big help.	Puno si mi pomogla.	big	0	0
You've done a lot.	Урадио си много тога.	lot	0	0
I've done what I can for him.	Uradio sam šta sam mogao za njega.	done	0	0
Hello parent!	Здраво, родитељу!	hello	0	0
What a nice looking car!	Kako lep automobil!	nice	0	0
I won't believe it until I see it.	Нећу веровати док не видим.	believe	0	0
Mary is a very individualistic girl.	Meri je veoma individualistična devojka.	girl	0	0
Are you saving this seat for someone?	Čuvate li ovo mesto za nekoga?	someone	0	0
I manage just fine.	Иде ми сасвим добро.	fine	0	0
Thanks again.	Хвала опет.	thanks	0	0
I wanted to know why Tom wanted to do that.	Желим да знам зашто је Том желео то.	wanted	0	0
Tom usually doesn't like doing that kind of thing.	Том обично не воли да ради такве ствари.	kind	0	0
Tom knows what's coming.	Tom zna šta sledi.	coming	0	0
We live in a house.	Živimo u kući.	house	0	0
I'm home every evening.	Кући сам сваке вечери.	every	0	0
We're both OK.	Обоје смо добро.	ok	0	0
Tom was able to get into the house through a window.	Tom je uspeo da uđe u kuću kroz prozor.	through	0	0
Are you being sarcastic?	Da li si sarkastičan?	being	0	0
Of course, Tom loves his children.	Naravno, Tom voli svoju decu.	course	0	0
Tom told me I should stay home.	Tom mi je rekao da treba da ostanem kući.	stay	0	0
There's no more wine left.	Нема више вина.	left	0	0
I need to go home to help my dad.	Морам да идем кући да помогнем тати.	dad	0	0
That’s enough for three days.	Има довољно за три дана.	enough	0	0
We would have given anything for this not to have happened.	Mi bismo dali sve kako se to ne bi desilo.	happened	0	0
What if you gave a speech and nobody came?	Шта ако оджиш говор а нико не дође?	came	0	0
May I take a bite?	Могу ли да узмем залогај?	may	0	0
Did you know Tom's mother?	Да ли сте знали Томову мајку?	mother	0	0
I really hope I'm wrong.	Stvarno se nadam da grešim.	wrong	0	0
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.	Бурџ Калифа је тренутно највиши небодер на свету.	world	0	0
She is in a bad mood.	Баш је лоше расположена.	bad	0	0
I might be the only one here who doesn't understand French.	Можда сам једини овде који не разуме француски.	might	0	0
I have three weeks of vacation.	Имам три недеље одмора.	three	0	0
I have classes today.	Данас имам часове.	today	0	0
Listen.	Slušajte.	listen	0	0
Tom will only be working here for another three weeks.	Tom će raditi ovde još samo tri nedelje.	another	0	0
Tom doesn't understand Mary's reluctance to go out with his brother.	Том не разуме Мерину неодлучност да изађе са његовим братом.	understand	0	0
She shouted to him, but he didn't hear her.	Викнула га је, али је није чуо.	hear	0	0
I don't remember what I ate because I was on my phone while I was eating.	Не памтим шта сам јео зато што сам користио телефон док сам јео.	remember	0	0
Did I ask you?	Jesam li te pitala?	ask	0	0
Does Tom do his own taxes?	Да ли Том плаћа сопствен порез?	own	0	0
Tom asks me the same thing every time he sees me.	Tom me pita istu stvar svaki put kada me vidi.	same	0	0
Let me show you where to put that.	Daj da ti pokažem gde da staviš to.	show	0	0
I never wanted to do anything else.	Никад нисам хтео да радим ништа друго.	else	0	0
I had to kill Tom.	Морао сам да убијем Тома.	kill	0	0
Stop talking nonsense.	Престани да причаш бесмислице.	talking	0	0
They have also found that the same miscalculation was made in some other cases.	Oni su takođe otkrili da se ista pogrešna procena napravila i u nekim drugim slučajevima.	found	0	0
You'll have to go there next time.	Мораћете да одете тамо наредни пут.	next	0	0
I'm getting tired of staying at home all the time.	Мука ми је више од тога да остајем кући све време.	getting	0	0
I don't care what people think of me.	Није ме брига шта људи мисле о мени.	care	0	0
What year was your car made?	Koje godine je napravljen tvoj automobil?	car	0	0
I'm looking for a simpler solution.	Тражим једноставније решење.	looking	0	0
You're not my son.	Ниси ми син.	son	0	0
I will try to find them.	Probaću da ih nađem.	try	0	0
Buy this and that. Do this and do that. So this is what being a man and getting the woman of your life is.	Kupi ovo i ono. Uradi ovo i uradi ono. Dakle, ovako izlgeda biti muškarac i dobiti ženu u svom životu.	woman	0	0
I went up to the attic.	Попела сам се на таван.	went	0	0
Hi, everybody.	Здраво, народе.	hi	0	0
I'm dead against the plan.	Нимало се не слажем са тим планом.	dead	0	0
How many symphonies did Beethoven write?	Koliko simfonija je napisao Betoven?	many	0	0
Mind your manners.	Пази на манире.	mind	0	0
What a great friend you are!	Како си диван пријатељ!	friend	0	0
I like autumn best.	Највише волим јесен.	best	0	0
Mom loves you more than she loves me.	Мама воли тебе више него што воли мене.	mom	0	0
Fucking hell.	Јеботе бог.	hell	0	0
Tom didn't show up for work on Monday morning.	Том се није појавио на посао у понедељак ујутру.	morning	0	0
I've been trying hard to be quiet.	Много сам се трудила да останем тиха.	trying	0	0
Tom is a very nice boy.	Tom je veoma dobar dečak.	boy	0	0
We've spent every Christmas for the last thirty years together.	Заједно смо провали сваки Божић у протеклих тридесет година.	together	0	0
I recommend that you don't go there by yourself.	Предлажем да тамо не идеш сам.	yourself	0	0
My husband lost his job.	Moj muž je izgubio posao.	job	0	0
I saw that Tom's feet were muddy.	Видео сам да су Томова стопала блатњава.	saw	0	0
Tom is the only breadwinner in the family.	Том је једини хранилац у породици.	family	0	0
Is this diamond real?	Je li ovo pravi dijamant?	real	0	0
Yesterday I went to bed without brushing my teeth.	Juče sam otišao u krevet bez pranja zuba.	without	0	0
I was a baby then.	Тада сам био беба.	baby	0	0
We entered the room.	Уђосмо у собу.	room	0	0
Tom already knows who's going to do that.	Том већ зна ко ће да уради то.	already	0	0
Tom wants to move.	Том жели да се пресели.	move	0	0
Most men find me ugly.	Већина мушкараца мисле да сам ружна.	most	0	0
I didn't want Tom to know I'd seen him.	Нисам хтела да Том зна да сам га видела.	seen	0	0
My friends live in the same house as me.	Moji prijatelji žive u istoj kući kao i ja.	live	0	0
How did I miss this?	Kako mi je promaklo ovo?	miss	0	0
What actually happened?	Шта се заправо десило?	actually	0	0
Huh?	Ха?	huh	0	0
Holy shit!	Боктемазо!	shit	0	0
Both of my sisters are teachers.	Obe moje sestre su nastavnice.	both	0	0
Tom heard somebody call his name.	Том је чуо како га неко зове по имену.	heard	0	0
Tom never once hit me.	Tom me nijednom nije udario.	once	0	0
Is it ready yet?	Да ли је спремно?	ready	0	0
Head west.	Крените на запад.	head	0	0
They called.	Звали су.	called	0	0
This bike is used by my brother.	Овај бицикл користи мој брат.	used	0	0
Do you think this is a good idea?	Мислиш ли да је ово добра идеја?	idea	0	0
I told Tom I already knew.	Рекла сам Тому да већ знам.	knew	0	0
Hold on.	Чекај.	hold	0	0
I'm happy that you've recovered.	Срећан сам што си се опоравила.	happy	0	0
The door has opened by itself.	Врата су се отворила сама.	door	0	0
I can't understand why they're such good friends. They have hardly anything in common.	Не разумем зашто су тако добри пријатељи. Једва да имају нешто заједничко.	such	0	0
Fuck!	Јеботе!	fuck	0	0
Tom is like his brother.	Том је као свој брат.	brother	0	0
Do I also need to talk to Tom?	Да ли и ја треба да причам са Томом?	also	0	0
She looks quite pretty.	Изгледа прилично лепо.	pretty	0	0
Tom is a bit miffed that we didn't tell him the truth.	Том се мало онерасположио јер му нисмо рекли истину.	bit	0	0
Tom took a swig of beer and smiled.	Том нали гутљај пива и насмеја се.	took	0	0
No one has died... yet.	Niko nije umro... još.	yet	0	0
The two men were business partners.	Dvojica muškaraca su bili partneri u biznisu.	men	0	0
The train was so packed that I had to stand up during the whole trip.	Bilo je tako puno ljudi u vozu, da sam morao da stojim.	whole	0	0
Start here.	Почните овде.	start	0	0
I use it.	Ја користим то.	use	0	0
I'd like to stay with you for a while.	Волео бих да останем неко време с вама.	while	0	0
Sooner or later, we'll have to buy a new TV since the TV we have now is a very old model.	Пре или касније, мораћемо да купимо ТВ јер је ТВ који имамо сада веома стар.	since	0	0
How would you feel if your wife left you?	Kako biste se osećali ako bi Vas napustila supruga?	wife	0	0
You don't seem to be yourself these days.	Изгледа да у последње време ниси сва своја.	days	0	0
I guess we all do that sometimes.	Претпостављам да сви то радимо некад.	guess	0	0
I wonder whether Tom really could talk Mary into helping us tomorrow.	Питам се може ли Том стварно да наговори Марију да нам помогне сутра.	tomorrow	0	0
It can hardly be a matter of passion. Perhaps it's just about sex.	To teško može da bude u vezi strasti, možda je samo seks u pitanju.	matter	0	0
Where should we meet tomorrow?	Gde da se nađemo sutra?	meet	0	0
We don't know what tomorrow will bring.	Ne znamo šta donosi sutra.	bring	0	0
Will Tom be here tonight?	Хоће ли Том бити овде вечерас?	tonight	0	0
I'd like to buy everyone a round.	Желео бих да частим туру.	everyone	0	0
Run away.	Побегните.	run	0	0
I wanna see you.	Hoću da te vidim!	wanna	0	0
I studied hard when I was in school.	Naporno sam učila dok sam bila u školi.	hard	0	0
Ah, really?	А, стварно?	ah	0	0
He is alone.	Сам је.	alone	0	0
I'm a teacher myself.	И ја сам наставница.	myself	0	0
How did you get to school?	Како сте стигли до школе?	school	0	0
I can't even imagine what you must've gone through.	Не могу ни да замислим кроз шта мора да си прошла.	gone	0	0
This is the end of the road.	Ово је крај пута.	end	0	0
I regret saying no.	Кајем се што сам рекао не.	saying	0	0
I couldn't find my phone.	Нисам могао да нађем телефон.	phone	0	0
Do you guys play soccer?	Da li igrate fudbal?	play	0	0
It looks like you've lost ten pounds.	Izgleda kao da si smršao deset funti.	looks	0	0
Fucking hell.	Јебô те бог.	fucking	0	0
Whatever the problem is, we can work it out.	Шта год био проблем, можемо да га решимо.	problem	0	0
I gave him a few books.	Dao sam mu nekoliko knjiga.	few	0	0
I want us to be more than friends.	Želim da budemo više od prijatelja.	friends	0	0
If there's a place you gotta be right now, it is certainly here!	Ako negde moraš baš sada da budeš, to je svakako ovde!	gotta	0	0
That was three months ago.	To je bilo pre tri meseca.	ago	0	0
Despite me telling Tom not to open the door, he opened it.	Iako sam govorio Tomu da ne otvara vrata, on ih je otvorio.	open	0	0
You don't seem to trust anyone.	Изгледа да не верујеш никоме.	anyone	0	0
You should have killed them when you had the chance.	Trebalo je da ih ubiješ dok si imao priliku.	killed	0	0
We hope people like it.	Nadamo se da će se dopasti ljudima.	hope	0	0
I know your face.	Znam ti lice.	face	0	0
Please wait until I get there.	Молим те, сачекај да стигнем тамо.	until	0	0
Tom lost his hat.	Том је изгубио шешир.	lost	0	0
Tom looked just like the guy in the picture that the police officer showed us.	Том је изгледа баш као момак са слике коју нам је показао полицајац.	police	0	0
Excuse me?	Шта сте рекли?	excuse	0	0
Turn right.	Скрени надесно.	turn	0	0
Business is business.	Бизнис је бизнис.	business	0	0
The police are investigating the case.	Полиција истражује случај.	case	0	0
Could you find out why Tom wants to do that?	Да ли си сазнао зашто Том хоће да уради то?	wants	0	0
Tom says he has everything he needs.	Том каже да има све што му је потребно.	says	0	0
I'll never find true love.	Никада нећу пронаћи праву љубав.	true	0	0
If one has the right to live, then one should also have the right to die. If not, then living is not a right, but an obligation.	Ako čovek ima prava na život, onda treba da ima i prava na smrt. Ako nema, onda život nije pravo, već obaveza.	die	0	0
We have to learn the whole poem by heart.	Moramo da naučimo celu pesmu napamet.	heart	0	0
Coming soon.	Стиже ускоро.	soon	0	0
We have five fingers on each hand.	Имамо пет прстију на свакој руци.	each	0	0
Don't worry about this.	Не брините о томе.	worry	0	0
The war began three years later.	Рат је почео три године касније.	later	0	0
What year was your car made?	Koje godište je tvoj automobil?	year	0	0
I watch TV a lot.	Пуно гледам ТВ.	watch	0	0
Music is important to me.	Muzika mi je važna.	music	0	0
The airport is close at hand.	Aerodrom je odmah pored.	hand	0	0
We're having fun, right?	Zabavljamo se, zar ne?	having	0	0
Tom probably hates me, too.	Tom verovatno mrzi i mene.	probably	0	0
You're very beautiful.	Veoma si lep.	beautiful	0	0
I want you to go see a doctor.	Хоћу да одеш код лекара.	doctor	0	0
Sit down, please.	Седите, молим вас.	sit	0	0
I can't remember what I had to eat yesterday.	Ne mogu da se setim šta sam juče jeo.	eat	0	0
I'm thinking of going to Australia, too.	Razmišljam se da i ja odem do Australije.	thinking	0	0
She looks young.	Делује младо.	young	0	0
Turn right at the second corner.	На другом углу скрените десно.	second	0	0
I've been working here for a long time.	Радио сам овде дуго.	working	0	0
Tom hasn't had anything but water since last night.	Tom nije uzeo ništa sem vode još od sinoć.	water	0	0
I'm not a greedy person.	Нисам похлепна особа.	person	0	0
Tom didn't want to take part in the ceremony.	Том није хтео да учествује у церемонији.	part	0	0
Does Tom have any kids?	Да ли Том има децу?	kids	0	0
I'm sorry I'm so late.	Izvinite što toliko kasnim.	late	0	0
I have a lot of stuff planned for tomorrow.	Imam puno planiranih stvari za sutra.	stuff	0	0
That's exactly what he wanted.	То је управо оно што је желео.	exactly	0	0
She is too independent to work under somebody's control.	Она је веома самостална за рад под нечијом контролом.	under	0	0
I do not fear death, but dying.	Не бојим се смрти, већ умирања.	death	0	0
Give us a minute, OK?	Дај нам минут, важи?	minute	0	0
I never pay in cash.	Никад не плаћам кешом.	pay	0	0
Tom is crazy about Mary.	Toma je lud za Marijom.	crazy	0	0
Don't forget we have to do our homework.	Ne zaboravi da treba da uradimo domaći.	forget	0	0
Everybody smiled.	Svi su se nasmejali.	everybody	0	0
What a cute kid!	Како слатко дете!	kid	0	0
Keep the change.	Задржите кусур.	change	0	0
I gave Tom some wine.	Дала сам Тому мало вина.	gave	0	0
I predicted this would happen months ago.	Predvidela sam da će se ovo desiti pre više meseci.	happen	0	0
Damn thief.	Порклет лопов.	damn	0	0
Multiply three by five to get fifteen.	Помножено три са пет добије се петнаест.	five	0	0
I want to drink something else.	Пије ми се нешто друго.	drink	0	0
As far as I know, we don't have to do anything else.	Колико ја знам, не морамо да радимо ништа друго.	far	0	0
Nobody knows.	Нико не зна.	knows	0	0
The family had its dinner at noon.	Porodica je večerala u podne.	its	0	0
Whatever you say.	Шта год кажеш.	whatever	0	0
I can do it with my eyes closed.	Могу и жмурећи.	eyes	0	0
Tom clamped his mouth shut.	Том је зачепио губицу.	shut	0	0
I guess I'll hit the sack.	Идем на спавањац.	hit	0	0
I was very interested in taking part in building a stronger academic curriculum regarding programming.	Bio sam vrlo zainteresovan da učestvujem u izgradnji intezivnijeg akademskog plana za programiranje.	taking	0	0
It's too easy that way.	Previše je lako na taj način.	easy	0	0
I've already done this several times.	Већ сам радио то неколико пута.	times	0	0
Check around.	Proveri okolo.	check	0	0
I could hear people cheering and clapping their hands.	Чуо сам људе како навијају и аплаудирају.	hands	0	0
I've some minutes left.	Ostalo mi je još nekoliko minuta.	minutes	0	0
I think Tom got a raw deal.	Mislim da je Tom izvukao deblji kraj.	deal	0	0
In order to fully understand how a word is used, it needs to be used in many different contexts.	Da bi u potpunosti shvatili kako se koristi neka reč, neophodno je da se koristi u mnogim različitim kontekstima.	different	0	0
Do you know what this sentence means?	Da li znaš šta znači ova rečenica?	means	0	0
We cannot agree with you on this point.	Ne možemo se složiti sa vama na ovom pitanju.	point	0	0
Tom rushed back inside.	Tom je požurio unutra.	inside	0	0
It makes me wonder.	Тера ме да се запитам.	makes	0	0
Tom asked Mary to stop it.	Том је замолио Мери да престане.	asked	0	0
Somebody answered.	Неко одговори.	somebody	0	0
They aren't mine.	Nisu moji.	mine	0	0
You're making Tom nervous.	Tom se unervozio zbog tebe.	making	0	0
The bullet went through his body.	Метак је прошао кроз његово тело.	body	0	0
I'm not afraid of cops.	Не бојим се полицајаца.	afraid	0	0
I don't get much sleep.	Нисам много спавао.	sleep	0	0
Give me a chance, please.	Дајте ми прилику, молим вас.	chance	0	0
My dear, don't be shy!	Драга моја, не будите стидљиви!	dear	0	0
Tom loses his temper quite often.	Том прилично често побесни.	quite	0	0
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.	Jedan, dva, tri, četri, pet, šest, sedam, osam, devet, deset.	four	0	0
What's all the commotion about anyway?	Šta je uopšte frka?	anyway	0	0
Just close your eyes.	Само зажмури.	close	0	0
Tom won't come to our party.	Tom neće doći na zabavu.	party	0	0
We'll have so much fun.	Biće nam ludo.	fun	0	0
We all must stand up against this.	Svi se mi moramo suprostaviti ovome.	against	0	0
Tom uses that word a lot.	Tom često koristi tu reč.	word	0	0
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.	Музика је, после тишине, оно што најприближније исказује неизрециво.	comes	0	0
It's important.	Važno je.	important	0	0
I haven't set foot outside the house today.	Danas nisam kročio napolje.	set	0	0
Shall I answer this letter for you?	Хоћеш ли да одговорим на ово писмо уместо тебе?	shall	0	0
I told Tom the story.	Испричао сам причу Тому.	story	0	0
I gave Tom my number.	Дао сам Тому свој број.	number	0	0
Tell your son to quit harassing my daughter.	Reci svom sinu da prestane da maltretira moju ćerku.	daughter	0	0
The least possible amount of oil that can be used is the proper quantity.	Најмања могућа кочичина уља коју је могуће употребити је исправан квантитет.	least	0	0
It's no good waiting for something to happen; you must take action at once.	Nema svrhe samo čekati da se nešto dogodi; moraš odmah nešto da preduzmeš.	waiting	0	0
This won't hurt.	Неће болети.	hurt	0	0
I wish you'd tell me a story. That'd be some fun at least.	Voleo bih da mi ispričaš priču. To bi bilo barem malo zabavno.	wish	0	0
May I think about that for a moment?	Могу ли да размислим о томе накратко?	moment	0	0
I like to fight.	Волим борбу.	fight	0	0
I got here only a week ago.	Тек пре недељу дана сам стигла овде.	week	0	0
She had to leave her abusive husband.	Морала је да напусти свог насилног мужа.	husband	0	0
Girls like to play house.	Devojčice vole da se igraju kuće.	girls	0	0
The rest doesn't matter.	Sve ostalo je nebitno.	rest	0	0
He married my sister.	Оженио је моју сестру.	married	0	0
Fight fire with fire.	Клин се клином избија.	fire	0	0
Tom suggested a quick game of tennis before supper.	Том је предложио брзински тениски меч пре вечере.	game	0	0
Nobody knows what goes on behind those doors.	Niko ne zna šta se zbiva iza tih vrata.	nobody	0	0
My favorite teacher was Mr. Jackson.	Moj omiljeni nastavnik je bio Džekson.	mr	0	0
All our children go to school in Boston.	Sva naša deca idu u školu u Bostonu.	children	0	0
Stand on the left-hand side of the bicycle, and hold the saddle with the right hand.	Станите са леве стране бицикла, и држите седиште десном руком.	side	0	0
Mary can't stand Tom's boss, because he's a male chauvinist pig.	Meri ne može da podnese Tomovog šefa jer je muška šovinistička svinja.	stand	0	0
Please read that again.	Молим те, прочитај то опет.	read	0	0
Tom became a dancer even though his parents didn't want him to.	Tom je postao plseač iako njegovi roditelji to nosi želeli.	though	0	0
Cut the engine.	Угаси мотор.	cut	0	0
It's started to snow.	Почео је да пада снег.	started	0	0
Do you have an older sister?	Да ли имаш старију сестру?	sister	0	0
You were supposed to be my friend!	Trebalo je da mi budeš prijatelj!	supposed	0	0
I don't often eat between meals.	Не једем често између оброка.	between	0	0
They are treating me like a child.	Tretiraju me kao da sam dete.	child	0	0
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.	Ako razgovarate sa čovekom na jeziku koji on razume, to ide u njegovu glavu. Ako razgovarate sa njim na njegovom jeziku, to ide do njegovog srca.	goes	0	0
Get a few hours sleep.	Spavaj nekoliko sati.	hours	0	0
I wish I'd known that Tom couldn't speak French.	Volela bih da sam znala da Tom ne zna da govori francuski.	speak	0	0
Men have about 7 to 8 times more testosterone than women.	Muškarci imaju oko 7 do 8 puta više testosterona od žena.	women	0	0
I know who's behind it.	Знам ко стоји иза тога.	behind	0	0
Tom eats chocolate almost every day.	Tom jede čokoladu skoro svaki dan.	almost	0	0
The truth hurts sometimes.	Истина понекад боли.	truth	0	0
How much blood has the injured lost?	Koliko krvi je povređeni izgubio?	blood	0	0
I thought you wouldn't be able to do that.	Mislio sam da nećeš moći da uradiš to.	able	0	0
What a pretty lady!	Како лепа дама!	lady	0	0
She's not a child anymore.	Ona više nije dete.	anymore	0	0
Tom is very good at playing the piano.	Tom veoma dobro svira klavir.	playing	0	0
I'll wait until Tom gets here.	Сачекаћу да Том стигне овде.	gets	0	0
You've just been shot.	Upravo si ustreljen.	shot	0	0
A fucking menopausal old bitch was complaining about me for no reason.	Jebena matora kurva u menopauzi se žalila na mene bez razloga.	reason	0	0
I anticipated trouble.	Очекивала сам невољу.	trouble	0	0
Take a break, Tom.	Odmori se, Tome.	break	0	0
The city was damaged during the war.	Grad je oštećen tokom rata.	war	0	0
This road goes to the city.	Овај пут води у град.	city	0	0
I'll walk.	Hodaću.	walk	0	0
Tom is from small town about three hundred kilometers from here.	Том је из малог драга на око триста километара одавде.	town	0	0
I don't trust talkative people.	Ne verujem pričljivim ljudima.	trust	0	0
You met my sister, didn't you?	Upoznao si moju sestru, zar ne?	met	0	0
Were you the one I saw with Tom in front of the post office this morning?	Тебе ли сам јутрос видео са Томом испред поште?	office	0	0
You didn't answer the question.	Нисте одговорили на питање.	question	0	0
Tom brought it here.	Tom ga je doneo ovde.	brought	0	0
I had no idea Tom was a friend of yours.	Нисам имао појма да се дружиш с Томом.	yours	0	0
Refugees are welcome.	Izbeglice su dobrodošle.	welcome	0	0
What were your grades like in high school?	Kakve su ti bile ocene u srednjoj školi?	high	0	0
Wow!	Vau!	wow	0	0
I'll give you a couple of examples.	Даћу ти неколико примера.	couple	0	0
I've only finished half of what I need to do.	Завршио сам само половину онога што треба да урадим.	half	0	0
I know where Tom died.	Знам где је Том умро.	died	0	0
Cool!	Kul!	cool	0	0
If you have any questions, please feel free to call us.	Ако имаш било каква питања, слободно нас позови.	free	0	0
I didn't do that either.	Ni ja to nisam uradila.	either	0	0
Tom still seems shaken.	Tom još uvek izgleda potresen.	seems	0	0
What will happen if there's a power failure now?	Šta će se dogoditi ako sada dođe do nestanka struje?	power	0	0
Bye, Tom.	Ћао, Томе.	bye	0	0
If I were you, I wouldn't buy that one.	Да сам на твом месту, не бих купила тај.	buy	0	0
Can you start out by telling us a little bit about yourself?	Можеш да почнеш тако што ћеш нам рећи нешто о себи.	telling	0	0
Hello, Honey.	Здраво, драги.	honey	0	0
Tom tried to talk Mary out of going, but he wasn't able to.	Tom je probao da ubedi Meri da ne ide, ali nije uspeo.	tried	0	0
Tom left through the front door.	Том је отишао кроз предња врата.	front	0	0
I'm proud of this team.	Ponosna sam na ovaj tim.	team	0	0
There's only one correct answer.	Постоји само један тачан одговор.	answer	0	0
I lowered my gun.	Спустио сам пиштољ.	gun	0	0
All the boys on the team were given new uniforms.	Свим дечацима у тиму су дате нове униформе.	boys	0	0
You're out of line, Tom.	Preteruješ, Tome.	line	0	0
Please send me your picture.	Molim te, pošalji mi tvoju sliku.	send	0	0
This is the news I've been waiting for.	На ове вести сам чекао.	news	0	0
I was afraid I'd look stupid.	Plašila sam se da ću da izgledam glupo.	stupid	0	0
She rarely, perhaps never, goes to bed before eleven o'clock.	Она ретко, можда никада, пре једанаест иде у кревет.	bed	0	0
Please hurry!	Пожурите!	hurry	0	0
That box is already full.	Та кутија је већ пуна.	full	0	0
About how many months will it take to do that?	Колико ће отприлике месеци то да потраје?	months	0	0
Tom only managed to save a little money.	Tom je uspeo da uštedi samo malo para.	save	0	0
The truth hurts sometimes.	Истина понекад боли.	sometimes	0	0
Tom told me that he'd like to become a doctor.	Tom mi je rekao da želi da postane doktor.	become	0	0
I'll pass that along.	Проследићу то.	along	0	0
A lot of people hate you already.	Mnogo ljudi te već mrzi.	hate	0	0
Give them just enough food every day.	Daj im tek toliko hrane koliko im je potrebno svaki dan.	food	0	0
You can wait outside.	Можеш да сачекаш напољу.	outside	0	0
Could you turn the light on, please?	Можете ли да упалите светло, молим вас?	light	0	0
Tom says he has everything he needs.	Том каже да има све што му треба.	needs	0	0
I found Tom's dog in the park.	Нашла сам Томовог пса у парку.	dog	0	0
The corrupt government officials fled the country.	Podmitljivi zvaničnici vlade su pobegli iz zemlje.	country	0	0
It was clear Tom had done that for us.	Било је јасно да је Том урадио то за нас.	clear	0	0
His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality.	Он тврди да постоји блиска веза између редоследа рођења и личности.	order	0	0
Stick 'em up!	Руке увис!	em	0	0
Most women can sew on a button or run up a seam; sewing, in fact, is regarded rather as a feminine instinct than an art.	Већина жена уме да ушије дугме или направи шав; шивење је, заправо, више женствени инстикт него уметност.	fact	0	0
Good Lord.	Исусе Христе.	lord	0	0
We made Tom the team captain.	Изабрао сам Тома за капитена тима.	captain	0	0
I worked from six PM until midnight.	Radio sam od šest popodne do ponoći.	six	0	0
Yesterday, it was hot.	Juče je bilo vruće.	hot	0	0
What's that funny sound?	Шта је тај смешан звук?	funny	0	0
Tom is wearing black glasses.	Том носи црне наочаре.	black	0	0
I feel alive.	Осећам се живо.	alive	0	0
I'm going to pick up the kids at school.	Покупићу децу из школе.	pick	0	0
Are you feeling all right today?	Da li se osećaš dobro danas?	feeling	0	0
What do you do for a living?	Od čega živite?	living	0	0
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.	Brak je glavni uzrok svih razvoda.	cause	0	0
They moved ahead slowly.	Polako su se pomerali napred.	ahead	0	0
Tom'll lose.	Tom će da izgubi.	lose	0	0
When I grow up, I want to be a king.	Када порастем хоћу да будем краљ.	king	0	0
Do you all plan to come with us?	Да ли сви планирате да дођете са нама?	plan	0	0
He took Jane out for dinner.	Izveo je Džejn na večeru.	dinner	0	0
Can you make a doubly-linked list and sort it?	Možeš li da napraviš dvostruko ulančanu listu i da je sortiraš?	sort	0	0
Tom tried to talk Mary out of leaving.	Tom je pokušao da odgovori Meri od odlaska.	leaving	0	0
She hates running.	Мрзи да трчи.	running	0	0
I have a boss who's much younger than me.	Imam šefa koji je mnogo mlađi od mene.	boss	0	0
Alright.	Важи.	alright	0	0
I promise to stay longer next time.	Обећавам да ћу следећи пут остати дуже.	promise	0	0
Nature photos of animals taken in complete tranquility and serenity are truly masterpieces.	Fotografije prirode i životinja, slikane u potpunoj tišini i mirnoći, su prava remek-dela.	taken	0	0
Are you sure this is safe?	Da li si sigurna da je ovo bezbedno?	safe	0	0
When does the book go to press?	Када књига иде на штампу?	book	0	0
I think you sent that message to the wrong person.	Мислим да си ту поруку послао погрешној особи.	sent	0	0
Tom wore black jeans and a white T-shirt.	Tom je nosio crne farmerke i belu majicu.	white	0	0
We can finish this in an hour. That'll leave us an hour and a half for dinner.	Можемо да завршимо ово за сат времена. То значи да ће нам остати сат и по за вечеру.	hour	0	0
Anybody wanna grab something to eat with me?	Hoće neko da prezalogajimo nešto?	anybody	0	0
Tom is from small town about three hundred kilometers from here.	Том је из малог драга на око триста километара одавде.	small	0	0
They were perfect.	Били су савршени.	perfect	0	0
He lives in a trailer park.	Он живи у камп-приколици.	lives	0	0
What we had was special.	Ono što smo imali je bilo posebno.	special	0	0
Parents shouldn't let children be cruel to animals.	Roditelji ne bi trebali da dozvole deci da budu surovi prema životinjama.	parents	0	0
I'd really like to know what's going on.	Заиста бих волела да знам шта се дешава.	s	0	0
I made John happy.	Usrećila sam Džona.	john	0	0
An egoist is someone who thinks only about himself, and not about me.	Egoista je neko ko misli samo na sebe, a ne na mene.	himself	0	0
Perhaps I shouldn't have done that.	Možda nije trebalo da uradim to.	perhaps	0	0
It sounds like you learned a valuable lesson.	Zvuči kao da si naučio važnu lekciju.	sounds	0	0
"Are you serious?" "I'm absolutely serious."	"Da li si ozbiljan?" "Sasvim sam ozbiljan."	serious	0	0
I'm sick of all the complaints.	Muka mi je od svih žalbi.	sick	0	0
The company deals in various goods.	Компаније послује разним добрима.	company	0	0
Tom's cat scared Mary's dog.	Томова мачка је уплашила Мериног пса.	scared	0	0
Bob's your uncle.	То ти је цела мудрост!	uncle	0	0
I was poor.	Била сам сиромашна.	poor	0	0
His face was red and he felt hot and uncomfortable.	Lice mu je bilo crveno i bilo mu je vruće i neugodno.	red	0	0
It's nearly half past two.	Скоро је пола три.	past	0	0
Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	earth	0	0
In theory it is possible, but in practice it is very difficult.	U teoriji je to moguće, ali je u praksi to jako teško.	possible	0	0
I'll shoot you.	Погодићу те.	shoot	0	0
Touch it.	Пипните га.	touch	0	0
My recorded voice does not sound like my natural voice.	Moj glas sa snimka ne zvuči isto kao prirodni.	sound	0	0
The top of that mountain is flat.	Vrh te planine je ravan.	top	0	0
Nice ass!	Добро дупе!	ass	0	0
Everybody laughs.	Svi se smeju.	laughs	0	0
I cannot stop thinking of the stolen money.	Ne mogu da prestanem da mislim na ukraden novac.	cannot	0	0
You're asking me questions you already know the answers to.	Pitaš me pitanja na koja već znaš odgovore.	asking	0	0
I think that I can win.	Мислим да могу да победим.	win	0	0
I'm glad that you're my friend.	Драго ми је што си ми пријатељ.	glad	0	0
Control yourself.	Kontroliši se.	control	0	0
Hmm, maybe!	Хмм, можда!	hmm	0	0
It is very natural for a human being that one always give himself precedence over the interests of others.	Veoma je prirodno za ljudsko biće da uvek daje sebi prednost nad interesima drugih.	human	0	0
Drive!	Вози!	drive	0	0
She has short hair.	Она има кратку косу.	hair	0	0
My name is Jack.	Зовем се Џек.	jack	0	0
A fucking menopausal old bitch was complaining about me for no reason.	Jebena matora kurva u menopauzi se žalila na mene bez razloga.	bitch	0	0
Good luck at the meeting.	Srećno na sastanku.	luck	0	0
Tom was arrested and charged with first degree murder.	Том је ухапшен и осуђен за убиство првог степена.	murder	0	0
What happens next time?	Šta će biti sledeći put?	happens	0	0
I try to air my futon at least twice a week.	Trudim se da provetrim futon barem dvaput nedeljno.	air	0	0
She had gone there ten years before.	Отишла је тамо пре десет година.	ten	0	0
Hang onto Daddy!	Држи се за тату!	daddy	0	0
Finally, it's Friday.	Konačno je petak.	finally	0	0
Speak fast.	Брзо причај.	fast	0	0
It's cold today.	Danas je hladno.	cold	0	0
They seem happy.	Они делују срећно.	seem	0	0
Tom kept laughing.	Том је наставио да се смеје.	laughing	0	0
Words matter.	Речи су важне.	words	0	0
Tom took a taxi to the hospital.	Tom je uhvatio taksi do bolnice.	hospital	0	0
This is a narrow street.	Ово је уска улица.	street	0	0
Those are people I used to hang out with.	То су људи са којима сам се дружио.	hang	0	0
I've seen Tom dance many times.	Puno puta sam video Toma kako igra.	dance	0	0
I barely had time to finish this report before the meeting.	Једва сам стигао да завршим овај извештај пред састанак.	meeting	0	0
It ain't over till it's over.	Ništa nije gotovo dok ne bude gotovo.	till	0	0
I know you think I'm like the others.	Знам да мислиш да сам исти као други.	others	0	0
Cats catch mice.	Мачке хватају мишеве.	catch	0	0
The best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.	Najbolji roditelji od svih su oni koji dopuste svojoj deci da prate svoje urođene talente.	follow	0	0
I felt a sharp sense of regret.	Осетила сам оштар осећај кајања.	sense	0	0
Last night it was Yumi who pushed for sex.	Синоћ је Јуми инсистирала на сексу.	sex	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	lie	0	0
Tom writes something in his diary every evening, no matter how tired he is.	Tom svako veče zapiše nešto u dnevnik, koliko god da je umoran.	evening	0	0
Everyone is master in his own house.	Свако је газда у својој кући.	master	0	0
Tom is fairly well known.	Tom je poprilično poznat.	known	0	0
Her dream is to visit Paris.	Њен сан је да посети Париз.	dream	0	0
Is it true Tom can't read or write?	Da li je tačno to da Tom ne ume da čita i piše?	write	0	0
The City Council voted to grant one million for the preliminary engineering work on the new theater in Bergen.	Gradsko veće je izglasalo da izdvoji jedan milion za preliminarne inžinjerske radove na novom pozorištu u Bergenu.	million	0	0
I know Tom's voice.	Знам Томов глас.	voice	0	0
Sweet dreams!	Laku noć!	sweet	0	0
Rather than count the days, we should make the days count.	Уместо да бројимо дане, треба да их проводимо.	rather	0	0
I felt unwanted.	Осетио сам се непожељно.	felt	0	0
I'll sign it.	Ја ћу потписати.	sign	0	0
This time, you're lucky.	Овај пут си имао среће.	lucky	0	0
Let's go somewhere where the two of us can talk.	Хајдемо негде где ти и ја можемо да попричамо.	somewhere	0	0
I bet Tom never spoke to you like that.	Kladim se da Tom nikad nije razgovarao sa tobom tako.	bet	0	0
O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.	Oh, siva mačkice, molim te, ne predi. Deka bi mogao da te čuje.	o	0	0
Jesus Christ!	Исусе Христе!	jesus	0	0
I can't put up with his violence any longer.	Ne mogu više da trpim ovo nasilje.	longer	0	0
I ended up calling the police.	На крају сам звао полицију.	calling	0	0
He worked ten hours at a stretch.	On je radio deset sati neprekidno.	worked	0	0
Tom was quiet for a moment.	Tom je bio tih na trenutak.	quiet	0	0
Tom looked after my dog while I was in the hospital.	Том ми је пазио на пса док сам била у болници.	looked	0	0
Some of my less intelligent friends smoke.	Neki od mojih manje inteligentnih prijatelja puše.	less	0	0
Pull.	Повуците.	pull	0	0
Don't beat around the bush.	Не обилази као киша око Крагујевца.	beat	0	0
I'm going to be much more careful in the future.	Бићу много опрезнија у будућности.	careful	0	0
Pass me the coffee, please.	Додајте ми кафу, молим вас.	coffee	0	0
I knew Tom might return at any moment.	Знао сам да Том може да се врати сваког трена.	return	0	0
Tom is on a top secret mission.	Том је на тајном задатку.	secret	0	0
This could go on for days, weeks or even months.	Ово би могло да се настави данима, недељама или чак месецима.	weeks	0	0
Don't forget to write the date.	Ne zaboravi da napišeš datum.	date	0	0
Am I seeing things?	Да ли ми се причињава?	seeing	0	0
Tom was probably the last one to fall asleep.	Том се вероватно успавао последњи.	fall	0	0
We would have given anything for this not to have happened.	Mi bismo dali sve kako se to ne bi desilo.	given	0	0
It's not your fault.	Није твоја кривица.	fault	0	0
I was tired so I went straight to bed.	Био сам уморан па сам отишао право у кревет.	straight	0	0
Before this decision takes effect, nobody will lift a finger in order to solve this.	Pre nego što ova odluka stupi na snagu, niko neće ni prstom da mrdne da ovo reši.	takes	0	0
I heard some kids singing a song.	Чуо сам како нека деца певају песму.	song	0	0
All future meetings will be held in this room.	Svi budući sastanci biće održani u ovoj prostoriji.	future	0	0
Get started, gentlemen.	Почните, господо.	gentlemen	0	0
I loved going to the beach.	Voleo sam da idem na plažu.	loved	0	0
Maybe Tom is a changed man.	Можда се Том променио.	changed	0	0
A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.	Nova grana ka Haugesundu će postati glavna efektivna putna veza ka Oslu i Istočnoj Norveškoj za ceo zapadni region.	road	0	0
We're calm.	Ми смо мирне.	calm	0	0
Wonderful!	Divno!	wonderful	0	0
I know why Tom is mad.	Знам зашто је Том бесан.	mad	0	0
Tom turned right when he should've turned left.	Tom je skrenuo desno kad je trebalo da skrene levo.	turned	0	0
Did I drop that?	Da li sam ja to ispustio?	drop	0	0
Ladies first.	Даме имају предност.	ladies	0	0
I'm going to learn a lot from you.	Много ћу научити од тебе.	learn	0	0
Please step inside.	Молим те, склони се.	step	0	0
I'm absolutely sure of that.	Апсолутно сам сигуран у то.	absolutely	0	0
I should leave early.	Треба да одем раније.	early	0	0
Can you explain to me how I can get to the airport?	Možeš li da mi objasniš kako da stignem do aerodroma?	explain	0	0
Is it clean?	Je li čisto?	clean	0	0
Do you have a piece of paper I can write on?	Imaš li papir na kome mogu da pišem?	piece	0	0
I bought this yesterday.	Juče sam kupio ovo.	yesterday	0	0
Give me something to throw.	Дај ми нешто да бацим.	throw	0	0
Tom asked me who had painted the picture.	Tom me je pitao ko je nacrtao sliku.	picture	0	0
Airplanes land at airports.	Avioni sleću na aerodrome.	land	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	feet	0	0
I wonder what the teacher will say.	Питам се шта ће рећи учитељица.	wonder	0	0
Tom questions everything.	Том све доводи у питање.	questions	0	0
You'll all be speaking fluent French within a year.	Причаћеш француски течно у року од годину дана.	speaking	0	0
How much is that worth?	Koliko to vredi?	worth	0	0
Hey, dude.	Хеј, брате.	dude	0	0
I'll be giving Mary a bracelet for her birthday.	Даћу Мери огрлицу за рођендан.	giving	0	0
They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not true.	Кажу да у Америци свако може да буде председник, али то можда није истина.	president	0	0
I've got my eye on you.	Posmatram te.	eye	0	0
Be quick.	Буди брз.	quick	0	0
Get moving!	Крените!	moving	0	0
We need to figure it out.	Треба да провалимо како да урадимо то.	figure	0	0
I've never seen Tom in such a state.	Никад нисам видела Тома у таквом стању.	state	0	0
Stay strong.	Остани јак.	strong	0	0
Play it again, Sam.	Sviraj to ponovo, Sem	sam	0	0
None of the women knew what to do.	Ниједна жена није знала шта да ради.	none	0	0
It's amazing.	То је невероватно.	amazing	0	0
We're not the only ones who'll do that.	Нисмо једини који ће урадити то.	ones	0	0
When the sun goes down in the west, the lazy man works the best.	Kada sunce klizne na zapad, lenjivci krenu u napad.	works	0	0
Imitation of gestures, actions and manners may or may not be a conscious act.	Imitiranje gestova, radnji i ponašanja može biti, ali nije obavezno, svestan čin.	act	0	0
I carried out an analysis that showed that much more money would be needed than they had previously anticipated.	Sproveo sam analizu koja je pokazala da bi bilo potrebno mnogo više novca nego što su ranije očekivali.	needed	0	0
That's weird.	То је чудно.	weird	0	0
The new law was twelve months in the making.	Novi zakon se pravio dvanaest meseci.	law	0	0
Tom is worried about what might happen.	Tom je zabrinut zbog onoga što bi se moglo dogoditi.	worried	0	0
Do you have anything to report?	Da li imate nešto da prijavite?	report	0	0
Goodbye, Tom.	Збогом, Томе.	goodbye	0	0
Everything is missing.	Све недостаје.	missing	0	0
Tom knew that he had no choice.	Том је знао да нема избора.	choice	0	0
What's happening?	Шта се догађа?	happening	0	0
They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	chief	0	0
Are you going to Tom and Mary's wedding?	Da li ideš na Tomovo i Merino venčanje?	wedding	0	0
It was kind of strange.	Bilo je pomalo čudno.	strange	0	0
Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	general	0	0
Tom cringed in pain.	Tom se uvijao od bola.	pain	0	0
Please stop kidding around.	Престани да се зафркаваш, молим те.	kidding	0	0
I've actually decided to do that.	Заправо сам одлучио да урадим то.	decided	0	0
Does Tom have a pass?	Да ли Том има пропусницу?	pass	0	0
I admit that I'm tired.	Priznajem da sam umoran.	tired	0	0
Tom is probably the best student in this class.	Том је вероватно најбољи ученик у одељењу.	class	0	0
One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.	Jedan je senator nazvao predsednika druge zemlje, oficirem stare obaveštajne službe koji bi želeo da povrati staru imperiju te zemlje.	officer	0	0
She kept the secret to herself.	Zadržala je tajnu za sebe.	kept	0	0
I want to wake Tom up.	Хоћу да пробудим Тома.	wake	0	0
"Are you feeling better?" "No, I feel worse."	"Osećaš li se bolje?" "Ne, osećam se gore."	worse	0	0
Tom seemed to be busy yesterday.	Том је јуче деловао заузето.	busy	0	0
That's definitely a mistake.	То је сигурно грешка.	mistake	0	0
I think I'll kiss Tom.	Мислим да ћу да пољубим Тома.	kiss	0	0
The will was declared void by the court.	Тестамент је проглашен неважећим од стране суда.	court	0	0
The building that I saw was very large.	Zgrada koju sam video je bila veoma velika.	building	0	0
How long do you think it'll take Tom to finish writing the report?	Колико дуго мислиш да ће Тому требати да заврши писање извештаја?	finish	0	0
The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.	Svet je bio nasamom rubu nuklearnog rata tokom Kubanske raketne krize oktobra 1962.	during	0	0
He looks young for his age.	Izgleda mlad za svoje godine.	age	0	0
How many people were on that ship?	Колико људи је било на том броду?	ship	0	0
She was caught red handed.	Uhvaćena je na delu.	caught	0	0
They decided to marry.	Одлучили су да се венчају.	marry	0	0
Tom didn't understand what Mary meant.	Том није разумео на шта је Мери мислила.	meant	0	0
We sell clothing in our store.	Продајемо одећу у нашој продавници.	sell	0	0
The color is a bit too dark.	Боја је малчице превише тамна.	dark	0	0
Tom doesn't really like watching sports on TV.	Том баш и не воли да гледа спорт на ТВ-у.	watching	0	0
We detected a great fault in the system.	Открили смо велику грешку у систему.	system	0	0
Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	Човек има много жеља које заправо ни не жели да се остваре, и било би погрешно претпоставити супротно.Он жели да оне остану само жеље; оне имају вредност само у његовој машти; њихово остваривање било би за њега горко разочарење.Таква једна жеља је и жеља за вечним животом. Да је била испуњена, човек би постао потпуно болестан од бесконачног живота, и желео би смрт.	suppose	0	0
Tom was unable to produce any evidence to support his statement.	Tom nije uspeo da iznese nijedan dokaz koji bi podržao njegovu izjavu.	evidence	0	0
This movie is terrible.	Овај филм је ужасан.	movie	0	0
Does Tom need a ride?	Да ли Тому треба превоз?	ride	0	0
Isn't it incredible?	Зар није невероватно?	t	0	0
Tom is completely unfazed.	Том је потпуно хладнокрван.	completely	0	0
Open your mouth.	Отворите уста.	mouth	0	0
I totally get it, too.	И скроз разумем.	totally	0	0
Do you remember when your father's birthday is?	Да ли памтите рођендан вашег оца?	birthday	0	0
I probably won't watch TV tonight.	Verovatno neću da gledam TV večeras.	tv	0	0
Please forgive me.	Молим те, опрости ми.	forgive	0	0
He was born in a small village in the south of Turkey.	Рођен је у малом селу на југу Турске.	born	0	0
I can't even imagine that.	Ne mogu ni da zamislim to.	imagine	0	0
Your information is incorrect.	Информације које имаш нису тачне.	information	0	0
You're watching the idiot box again instead of doing your homework!	Opet buljiš u TV umesto da radiš svoj domaći zadatak!	instead	0	0
I definitely don't need one of those.	Дефинитивно ми не треба ниједан такав.	definitely	0	0
Call security.	Зовите обезбеђење.	security	0	0
I was certainly lucky.	Definitivno sam imala sreće.	certainly	0	0
Wet the surface of the tire, and note the bubbles that form under the film of water, and the puncture is found.	Наквасите површину гуме и имајте на уму да ће се испод слоја воде створити мехурићи уколико има процепа.	film	0	0
Tom used to have a penpal in Australia that he wrote to several times a month.	Tom je imao drugara iz Australije kome je isao nekoliko puta mesečno.	month	0	0
You are lying.	Лажете.	lying	0	0
Tom is going to do that unless you stop him.	Том ће да уради то ако га не зауставиш.	unless	0	0
Tom bought a newspaper and read it on the train.	Tom je kupio novine i pročitao ih u vozu.	train	0	0
She gets up at seven in the morning.	Budi se u sedam ujutru.	seven	0	0
I wear a wedding ring.	Носим веренички прстен.	wear	0	0
I'm very careful with my clothes.	Веома сам пажљив са одећом.	clothes	0	0
What a basket by Michael Jordan!	Kakav koš Majkla Džordana!	michael	0	0
A bus pulled up in front of the hotel.	Аутобус је стао испред хотела.	hotel	0	0
Tom won't get back to Boston until after Christmas.	Том се неће вратити у Бостон до Божића.	christmas	0	0
Russia is under attack.	Русија је нападнута.	attack	0	0
Balls are round.	Лопте су округле.	round	0	0
How much did you expect to be paid?	Колико си очекивао да ћеш бити плаћен?	expect	0	0
Does Tom want to sing?	Да ли Том жели да пева?	sing	0	0
I still feel terrible.	И даље се осећам ужасно.	terrible	0	0
Would you like a bag?	Хоћете ли кесу?	bag	0	0
History is written by the victors.	Istoriju pišu pobednici.	history	0	0
What impressed me the most was the blue sky.	Оно што ме је највише импресионирало беше плаво небо.	blue	0	0
Does Tom live near a park?	Да ли Том живи близу парка?	near	0	0
Who broke the mug?	Ko je slomio šoljicu?	broke	0	0
Do you know how to get to the train station?	Знаш ли како да дођеш до железничке станице?	station	0	0
Are you seriously considering doing that?	Da li ozbiljno razmišljaš da to uradiš?	seriously	0	0
That's going to take forever.	То ће трајати читаву вечност.	forever	0	0
I've always been frank.	Одувек сам био искрен.	frank	0	0
Everyone has a hat on except Tom.	Сви носе шешир осим Тома.	except	0	0
If I were you, I'd ask Tom what he thinks.	Да сам на том месту, питао бих Тома шта мисли.	thinks	0	0
I'm writing a message to Tom right now.	Trenutno pišem poruku Tomu.	message	0	0
We played poker the entire day.	Igrali smo poker ceo dan.	entire	0	0
I set the tray down on the table.	Спустио сам послужавник на сто.	table	0	0
I've already talked with Tom about his grades.	Већ сам причао са Томом о његовим оценама.	talked	0	0
Jump across.	Скочите преко.	across	0	0
Don't rock the boat.	Не таласај!	rock	0	0
How lovely!	Како дивно!	lovely	0	0
How did you handle that?	Како си обрадио то?	handle	0	0
They were members of the middle class.	Oni su bili članovi srednje klase.	middle	0	0
Thanks, buddy!	Хвала, друшкане!	buddy	0	0
I only got paid a few dollars an hour at first.	У почетку су ме плаћали само пар долара по сату.	paid	0	0
Protect me.	Заштите ме.	protect	0	0
What made you decide to quit using Twitter?	Zbog čega si odlučio da prestaneš da koristiš Tviter?	using	0	0
Tom was so drunk he couldn't even get up off the floor.	Том је био толико пијан да није могао ни да устане са пода.	floor	0	0
Feeling the house shake, I ran outside.	Осетивши да се кућа тресе, истрчах напоље.	ran	0	0
Don't swear.	Не псуј.	swear	0	0
I don't want to spend a lot a money.	Не желим да потрошим много пара.	spend	0	0
I'm afraid the situation is getting worse.	Бојим се да ситуација постаје лошија.	situation	0	0
My grandmother was the one who gave me this ring.	Moja baka je bila ona, koja mi je dala ovaj prsten.	ring	0	0
We're not going anywhere in this rain.	Не идемо никуда по овој киши.	anywhere	0	0
It's dangerous to walk at night in the woods.	Опасно је шетати се шумом ноћу.	dangerous	0	0
I forgot to pay the bill.	Заборавио сам да платим рачун.	bill	0	0
New York is a big city.	Njujork je veliki grad.	york	0	0
He likes to talk about the army.	Воли да прича о војсци.	army	0	0
Lead bends easily.	Олово се лако савија.	lead	0	0
I bought it.	Купих га.	bought	0	0
Yesterday I finished learning Esperanto on Duolingo.	Juče sam završio učenje esperanta na Duolingu.	finished	0	0
Does Tom think that's fair?	Да ли Том мисли да је то фер?	fair	0	0
Which is larger, the sun or the earth?	Šta je veće, Sunce ili Zemlja?	sun	0	0
You should write Tom a thank-you letter.	Treba da se zahvališ Tomu pismom.	letter	0	0
Tom made a fool of himself when he was drunk last night.	Tom je napravio budalu od sebe kada je bio pijan sinoć.	fool	0	0
Pay attention.	Обратите пажњу.	attention	0	0
Our yacht club has ten members.	Наш јахт клуб има десет чланова.	club	0	0
It must be simple.	Мора да је просто.	simple	0	0
How interesting!	Како занимљиво!	interesting	0	0
The average American living space is twice as large as the living space in Japan.	Просечан животни простор у Америци је двоструко већи него у Јапану.	space	0	0
That's why I have to take the test again.	Зато морам да опет полажем тест.	test	0	0
I gave the empty box to Tom.	Дала сам празну кутију Тому.	box	0	0
Tom wanted to join our group.	Том је желео да се придружи нашој групи.	group	0	0
I passed every single test.	Položila sam svaki test.	single	0	0
Sitting all day is bad for you.	Sedenje po ceo dan je loše po tebe.	sitting	0	0
Same sex marriage is now legal in 20 countries worldwide, including Ireland as of yesterday.	Brak između osoba istog pola je sada legalan u 20 zemalja, uključujući Irsku od juče.	marriage	0	0
Join us outside.	Придружите нам се напоље.	join	0	0
Why I should fear death?	Зашто са се плашим смрти?	fear	0	0
I'd like to room with Tom.	Хтео бих собу са Томом.	d	0	0
I come in peace.	Дошао сам у миру.	peace	0	0
I almost forgot my passport.	Замало да заборавим пасош.	forgot	0	0
They can never achieve that any other way than by force.	Oni nikada ne mogu da to postignu drugačije nego silom.	force	0	0
They got the short end of the stick.	Извукли су дебљи крај.	short	0	0
That's perfectly normal.	To je sasvim normalno.	normal	0	0
Tom was present at the meeting.	Tom je bio prisutan na sastanku.	present	0	0
I didn't enjoy it very much.	Nije mi se baš svidelo.	enjoy	0	0
Mike smiled.	Мајк се насмејао.	mike	0	0
The police's job is to prevent and investigate crime.	Posao policije je da sprečava i istražuje kriminal.	crime	0	0
I'll buy a horse.	Купићу коња.	horse	0	0
My pants are already dirty, so I might as well sit on the ground.	Панталоне су ми већ прљаве, па нема бриге и ако седнем на земљу.	ground	0	0
He is not an American but an Englishman.	Он није Американац, него Енглез.	american	0	0
Rather than count the days, we should make the days count.	Уместо да бројимо дане, треба да их проводимо.	count	0	0
It is risky for you to go into that area alone.	Opasno je da sama ideš tamo.	area	0	0
I don't charge much.	Не наплаћујем много.	charge	0	0
Mary is the maid of honor.	Марија је дама од части.	honor	0	0
It'll probably rain after lunch.	Вероватно ће бити кише после ручка.	lunch	0	0
Today, the ship remained over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge - a mountain range located on the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 3 miles.	Danas je brod bio iznad Srednjeatlanskog Grebena - planinskog venca koji se nalazi na dnu okeana, na dubinama do 4500 metara.	miles	0	0
It was a very interesting radio program.	То је био веома занимљив радио програм.	radio	0	0
You're watching the idiot box again instead of doing your homework!	Опет буљиш у ТВ уместо да радиш домаћи!	idiot	0	0
He kicked the ball into the goal.	Он је шутнуо лопту у гол!	ball	0	0
It doesn't surprise me.	To me ne iznenađuje.	surprise	0	0
On a separate sheet of paper, describe your best friend: age, where he or she lives, his or her job, etc.	На одвојеној страни папира,опишите вашег пријатеља: године,где она или он живи, његов или њен посао итд.	paper	0	0
Does Tom have a key?	Da li Tom ima ključ?	key	0	0
Don't rock the boat.	Не таласај!	boat	0	0
It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.	Teško mi je da razumem francuski kada ga brzo govore.	quickly	0	0
One gives away apples and pears, and not gold and green forests.	Poklanjaju se jabuke i kruške, a ne zlato i zelene šume.	gold	0	0
Several men got angry with Tom in the bar and Tom told them he wasn't afraid to take them on.	Nekoliko muškaraca se naljutimo na Toma u baru i Tom im je rekao da ga nije strah da se suoči sa njima.	bar	0	0
We liked the food, especially the fish.	Dopala nam se hrana, pogotovo riba.	fish	0	0
There is a strange-looking mark on the wall.	На зиду је био чудан знак.	mark	0	0
Tom wanted to be included.	Том је желео да буде укључен.	tom	0	0
I saw a boy wearing brown shoes.	Видео сам дечака који носи смеђе ципеле.	wearing	0	0
Stop crying.	Престаните да плачете.	crying	0	0
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right femur in a cycling accident Sunday in France.	Sekretar države Sjedinjenih država Džon Keri polomio je desnu butnu kost u biciklističkoj nezgodi u nedelju u Francuskoj.	accident	0	0
The corrupt government officials fled the country.	Podmitljivi zvaničnici vlade su pobegli iz zemlje.	government	0	0
Tom fell eight meters.	Том је пао осам метара.	eight	0	0
I fell asleep on the ground.	Успавао сам се на земљи.	fell	0	0
Tom ran for cover.	Tom je bežao da se sakrije.	cover	0	0
I'm almost certain about that.	Skoro pa sam siguran u vezi s tim.	certain	0	0
I'm not really interested.	Нисам баш заинтересован.	interested	0	0
How deep?	Koliko duboko?	deep	0	0
The sun is a star.	Sunce je zvezda.	star	0	0
He's afraid of the sea.	Он се плаши мора.	sea	0	0
I agree with most of what Tom said.	Слажем се са већином онога што је Том рекао.	agree	0	0
The new constitution will not solve the problems of Egypt.	Novi ustav neće rešiti probleme Egipta.	problems	0	0
Even a chief detective like Tom fails in doing his job, without the huge help of colleagues and associates.	Čak ni glavni detektiv kao Tom ne može da savlada sve probleme bez značajne pomoći kolega i saradnika.	detective	0	0
The burglars are in prison.	Provalnici su u zatvoru.	prison	0	0
You should change your major.	Trebalo bi da promeniš smer.	major	0	0
Tom is going to stick around to help us.	Том ће да остане да нам помогне.	stick	0	0
Did Tom accept our offer?	Да ли је Том прихватио нашу понуду?	offer	0	0
I've had a difficult time after Tom was abruptly torn from me.	Bilo mi je teško kada je Tom bio naglo otrgnut od mene.	difficult	0	0
You don't seem very smart.	Не делујеш много паметно.	smart	0	0
That's just a personal opinion.	To je samo lični stav.	personal	0	0
Record this.	Снимај ово.	record	0	0
They stopped.	Стали су.	stopped	0	0
Hide Tom somewhere.	Сакриј Тома негде.	hide	0	0
I asked whether Tom was planning to do that or not.	Питала сам да ли Том планира да уради то или не.	whether	0	0
I don't think Tom had anything to do with the bank robbery.	Мислим да Том није имао ништа са пљачком банке.	bank	0	0
It rained the entire trip.	Падала је киша током читавог путовања.	trip	0	0
We just needed to relax.	Samo je trebalo da se opustimo.	relax	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	america	0	0
I've gotten used to speaking in public.	Навикао сам се на говоре у јавности.	public	0	0
Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.	Tom je predao listu tema koje bi mogle da uđu u plan za godišnji sastanak.	list	0	0
I expected to be here all afternoon.	Очекивао сам да ћу да будем овде целог поподнева.	afternoon	0	0
People with agraphia can't write due to a brain injury.	Ljudi sa agrafijom ne mogu da pišu zbog povrede mozga.	brain	0	0
I'd probably be able to fix that fairly quickly.	Вероватно бих прилично брзо могао да решим тај проблем.	fix	0	0
Bastard!	Kopile jedno!	bastard	0	0
I'm sure Tom is proud.	Sigurna sam da je Tom ponosan.	proud	0	0
I like tea.	Волим чај.	tea	0	0
He is exempt from the military service.	Ослобођен је војне службе.	service	0	0
Have you tried screaming?	Јеси ли пробала да вриштиш?	screaming	0	0
I'm looking forward to good news.	Једва чекам добре вести.	forward	0	0
I rarely get angry.	Ретко се наљутим.	angry	0	0
We walked in the park.	Šetali smo parkom.	park	0	0
Not a soul is here.	Овде нема ни живе душе.	soul	0	0
Tom and John were fighting in the parking lot.	Том и Џон су се свађали на паркингу.	fighting	0	0
Peter loves Jane.	Питер воли Џејн.	peter	0	0
I'm a rich man.	Ja sam bogat čovek.	rich	0	0
Where does the wind blow from?	Odakle duva vetar?	blow	0	0
Octopus Paul was right.	Oktopod Pol je bio u pravu.	paul	0	0
Do you have a white dress?	Имате ли белу хаљину?	dress	0	0
I couldn't take my eyes off Mary.	Нисам могао да скинем поглед са Мери.	mary	0	0
Do you think I missed something?	Da li misliš da mi je nešto promaklo?	missed	0	0
She was at the scene of the crime.	Била је на месту злочина.	scene	0	0
He made a killing by investing in the stock market.	Napravio je ogroman profit investirajući na tržište akcija.	killing	0	0
Thanks for standing up for me.	Хвала вам што сте се залагали за мене.	standing	0	0
I've saved you a seat next to me.	Sačuvao sam ti mesto pored mene.	saved	0	0
Respect!	Поштујем!	respect	0	0
How often do you eat ice cream?	Колико често једете сладолед?	ice	0	0
I'm sorry about the mess.	Извини због нереда.	mess	0	0
You're tough.	Опасан си.	tough	0	0
It feels soft to the touch.	Мекано је на додир.	feels	0	0
Tom wants to go to church.	Том хоће да оде у цркву.	church	0	0
Carolina is sad because she cannot conceive.	Каролина је тужна, јер не може да затрудни.	sad	0	0
Can you give me your cell number?	Možeš li da mi daš tvoj broj mobilnog?	cell	0	0
I've already drunk three beers.	Већ сам попио три пива.	drunk	0	0
My brothers and I all share a room.	Ja i sva moja braća delimo sobu.	share	0	0
I don't like this camera.	Ne sviđa mi se ova kamera.	camera	0	0
I'll have you all speaking fluent French within a year.	Сви ћете ми течно причати француски у року од једне године.	within	0	0
I've lost my credit card.	Изгубио сам кредитну картицу.	card	0	0
It'll cost you three hundred dollars to fly to that island.	Коштаће вас триста долара да одлетите до тог острва.	fly	0	0
The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.	Radna grupa koja se bavi transferom podataka, vodjena od strane Bena Manija, će održati sastanak 14 januara 1999.	ben	0	0
I'm just writing a letter to my girlfriend.	Samo pišem pismo devojci.	girlfriend	0	0
Can you make Tom laugh?	Možete li da nasmejete Toma?	laugh	0	0
That's a very unpleasant smell.	То је веома непријатан мирис.	smell	0	0
My father fixed a broken chair.	Moj otac je popravio polomljenu stolicu.	broken	0	0
I'm being quite honest.	Prilično sam iskren.	honest	0	0
How often does Tom get a haircut?	Колико често се Том шиша?	often	0	0
Tom was nervous starting his new job.	Tom je bio nervozan dok je počinjao novi posao.	starting	0	0
Tom calls his karate teacher Sensei.	Том зове свог карате учитеља "Сенсеј".	calls	0	0
I spent the whole afternoon chatting with friends.	Провео сам читаво поподне ћаскајући са пријатељима.	spent	0	0
Tom is my daughter's third husband.	Том је трећи муж моје ћерке.	third	0	0
I study English.	Учим енглески.	english	0	0
We'll visit you.	Посетићемо те.	visit	0	0
Mama, Tom won't gimme back my toy!	Mama, Tom neće da mi vrati igračku!	mama	0	0
The judge banged his gavel.	Судија је лупио чекићем.	judge	0	0
Tom looked out the window to see what was going on.	Том погледа кроз прозор да види шта се дешава.	window	0	0
I felt hungry.	Осетих глад.	hungry	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	dare	0	0
They kept their relationship a secret.	Čuvali su svoju vezu u tajnosti.	relationship	0	0
Nobody moved.	Нико се није померио.	moved	0	0
Tom believes that he can prove it.	Том верује да може да докаже то.	prove	0	0
We should discuss this in private.	Treba da razgovaramo o ovome nasamo.	private	0	0
Tom has built a wall around his house.	Том је изградио зид око своје куће.	wall	0	0
Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt.	Tom bi još bio živ da je vezao pojas.	seat	0	0
Lieutenant, my patience is shorter than my sword.	Поручниче,моје стрпљење је краће од мог мача.	lieutenant	0	0
Tom didn't realize he wasn't supposed to do that.	Том није схватио да не треба да ради то.	realize	0	0
We liked the food, especially the fish.	Dopala nam se hrana, pogotovo riba.	especially	0	0
Tom explained to his grandfather how to use a cash machine.	Том је објаснио свом деди како да користи банкомат.	machine	0	0
Does Tom like walking?	Да ли Том воли да хода?	walking	0	0
Most women can sew on a button or run up a seam; sewing, in fact, is regarded rather as a feminine instinct than an art.	Већина жена уме да ушије дугме или направи шав; шивење је, заправо, више женствени инстикт него уметност.	art	0	0
I'll do it with pleasure.	Uradiću to sa zadovoljstvom.	pleasure	0	0
There was a bloody footprint on the floor near the door.	Крвави отисак стопала је био на поду, близу врата.	bloody	0	0
Tom couldn't go to college because his family didn't have enough money.	Tom nije mogao da ode na fakultet jer njegova porodica nije imala dovoljno novca.	college	0	0
I've decided to major in French in college.	Odlučio sam da studiram francuski na univerzitetu.	french	0	0
One of the many advantages of cycling is that the exercise involved is not limited to the use of any one set of muscles.	Једна од многих предности бициклизма је то што релевантне вежбе нису ограничене на коришћење само једног скупа мишића.	involved	0	0
Don't cry, please.	Немој да плачеш, молим те.	cry	0	0
Tom became a dancer even though his parents didn't want him to.	Tom je postao plseač iako njegovi roditelji to nosi želeli.	became	0	0
He lived a simple life.	Živeo je jednostavnim životom.	lived	0	0
Nothing is impossible.	Ништа није немогуће.	impossible	0	0
Obviously, I was a little shocked.	Očigledno, bio sam pomalo šokiran.	obviously	0	0
If you chase two rabbits, you get neither.	Ако јуриш два зеца, не добијеш ни једног.	neither	0	0
Did Tom accept our offer?	Да ли је Том прихватио нашу понуду?	accept	0	0
Who's Tom? Is he your new boyfriend?	Ko je Tom? Je li to tvoj novi dečko?	boyfriend	0	0
If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!	Ako želiš da razgovaraš sa mnogo ljudi, treba da naučiš Esperanto. Zašto ovaj jezik? Jer je istovremeno lep i stimuliše naše učenje. Međunarodni jezik je veoma važan jer ima tako mnogo ljudi iz različitih zemalja širom sveta. Uostalom, Esperanto nije samo koristan već i lak za učenje. Ako naučiš Esperanto, možeš da putuješ mnogim zemljama. Dođi i nauči!	besides	0	0
The Queen and the King have again united their powers.	Kraljica i kralj su ponovo ujedinili svoje moći.	queen	0	0
My teacher hates me.	Учитељица ме мрзи.	teacher	0	0
I'm not afraid of cops.	Не плашим се пандура.	cops	0	0
Tofu goes well with sake.	Tofu dobro ide uz Sake.	sake	0	0
He loves ceremonies.	Он обожава церемоније.	loves	0	0
Carry this.	Nosi ovo.	carry	0	0
My little sister asked me to teach her how to ski.	Moja mlađa sestra me je zamolila da je naučim da skija.	teach	0	0
Our rent is too expensive, so we're looking for another apartment.	Кирија нам је превиока, па тражимо нови стан.	apartment	0	0
I'm not too upset anymore.	Više nisam previše uznemirena.	upset	0	0
I like green beans.	Волим зелени пасуљ.	green	0	0
I never liked biology.	Nikada nisam voleo biologiju.	liked	0	0
Pugs are not cute.	Mopsovi nisu slatki.	cute	0	0
Evil sometimes wins.	Зло понекад победи.	evil	0	0
The professor smiled.	Професор се насмеја.	professor	0	0
Contact Tom.	Kontaktiraj Toma.	contact	0	0
It was a terrible joke.	То је био ужасан виц.	joke	0	0
I became a cop.	Постаћу пајкан.	cop	0	0
You're making a huge mistake.	Правите огромну грешку.	huge	0	0
Holy smokes.	Човече.	holy	0	0
I went to the store to buy what I needed to make dinner.	Отишао сам то продавнице да купим шта ми треба за вечеру.	store	0	0
I got arrested and spent the night in jail.	Ухапшен сам и провео сам ноћ у затвору.	jail	0	0
Tom likes rum.	Том воли рум.	likes	0	0
We need to hire a lawyer.	Moramo da unajmimo advokata.	lawyer	0	0
There's no doubt about that.	Nema sumnje u vezi toga.	doubt	0	0
Continue digging.	Nastavite s kopanjem.	continue	0	0
Appreciate your family.	Цени своју породицу.	appreciate	0	0
The cat is sleeping now.	Мачор сада спава.	cat	0	0
The shop is closed.	Продавница је затворена.	shop	0	0
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.	Moj instruktor za vožnju kaže da treba da budem strpljiviji.	driving	0	0
Congratulations!	Честитам!	congratulations	0	0
Beethoven wrote nine symphonies.	Betoven je napisao devet simfonija.	wrote	0	0
I went back to my village during the summer vacation.	Вратио сам се у своје село током летњег распуста.	village	0	0
I know it's very difficult to quit smoking.	Знам да је веома тешко оставити цигаре.	quit	0	0
We went out on the field and played as well as we could.	Изашли смо на терен и играли најбоље што смо могли.	field	0	0
The author of "The Last of the Mohicans", James Fenimore Cooper, was the first environmentalist.	Pisac knjige "Poslednji mohikanac", Džejms Fenimor Kuper je bio prvi borac za zaštitu prirode.	james	0	0
I drank wine.	Попила сам вино.	wine	0	0
You need to make a decision.	Moraš da doneseš odluku.	decision	0	0
Head south.	Крените на југ.	south	0	0
Tom is always sleeping in class. It almost seems as if he goes to school just to catch up on his sleep.	Том увек спава на часовима. Изгледа скоро као да иде у школу само да би мого да се наспава.	sleeping	0	0
The trains in Serbia are terribly slow.	Возови у Србији су ужасно спори.	slow	0	0
She burst into laughter.	Праснула је у смех.	laughter	0	0
Tom knew no one lived on the island.	Том је знао да нико не живи на острву.	island	0	0
Tom filled his glass and then filled one for Mary.	Том напуни себи чашу, па напуни и једну за Мери.	glass	0	0
That was just the beginning.	То је био само почетак.	beginning	0	0
I gave Tom some cash.	Дала сам Тому нешто лове.	cash	0	0
Most languages have euphemistic expressions to describe death and dying.	Mnogi jezici eumefizmima opisuju smrt i umiranje.	dying	0	0
It'll cost you three hundred dollars to fly to that island.	Коштаће вас триста долара да одлетите до тог острва.	hundred	0	0
Whose seat is this?	Чије место је ово?	whose	0	0
What's the difference?	Која је разлика?	difference	0	0
Every day, they serve fresh fish and lobster, which they get weekly by plane from Norway.	Oni svakodnevno služe svežu ribu i jastroge, koje dobijaju jednom nedeljno avionom iz Norveške.	plane	0	0
Don't push.	Nemoj da guraš.	push	0	0
I like singing.	Волим да певам.	singing	0	0
The woman is eating bread.	Žena jede hleb.	eating	0	0
Santa lives at the North Pole.	Деда Мраз живи на северном полу.	north	0	0
That's a Christmas tree.	То је новогодишња јелка.	tree	0	0
Tom has a gift for Mary.	Том има поклон за Марију.	gift	0	0
Run over any obstacle with this monster truck!	Pregazi preko bilo kakve prepreke sa ovim čudovištem od kamiona!	truck	0	0
Why are you putting that here?	Зашто стављаш то овде?	putting	0	0
I'll bear that in mind.	Имаћу то на уму.	bear	0	0
Go on board.	Ukrcajte se.	board	0	0
Grab him.	Uhvati ga.	grab	0	0
He finished drinking one beer and ordered another.	Завршио је с једним пивом и наручио друго.	beer	0	0
It's stuck.	Zaglavilo se.	stuck	0	0
Aladdin found a magic lamp.	Аладин је пронашао чаробну лампу.	magic	0	0
I've had so much support.	Imao sam tako puno podrške.	support	0	0
I always obey the rules.	Увек поштујем правила.	rules	0	0
Does Tom have a partner?	Да ли Том има партнера?	partner	0	0
Use the device until it warns you to charge the battery and then charge it for 5 hours to reach the maximum capacity.	Uređaj koristite dok vas ne upozori da napunite bateriju i onda je punite 5 sati da bi postigli maksimalni kapacitet.	reach	0	0
Tom knows where the wind blows from.	Tom zna odakle vetar duva.	wind	0	0
Tom was immediately fired.	Том је одмах добио отказ.	immediately	0	0
Give me a thousand kisses.	Дај ми хиљаду пољубаца.	thousand	0	0
This gives me an idea.	To mi daje ideju.	gives	0	0
Experience is acquired with time.	Iskustvo se stiče vremenom.	experience	0	0
Cheers!	Живели!	cheers	0	0
It's strange that no one knows the victim.	Čudno je što niko ne zna žrtvu.	victim	0	0
We know what was agreed upon.	Знамо шта смо се договорили.	upon	0	0
Does Tom have more than one computer?	Да ли Том има више од једног рачуанра?	computer	0	0
Jesus Christ!	Исусе Христе!	christ	0	0
Venus is a hot planet.	Венера је врућа планета.	planet	0	0
You promised you would help me.	Obećao si da ćeš mi pomoći.	promised	0	0
There was not a long queue at the bus stop.	Red je bio veliki na autobuskoj stanici.	bus	0	0
My pants are already dirty, so I might as well sit on the ground.	Панталоне су ми већ прљаве, па нема бриге и ако седнем на земљу.	dirty	0	0
Search me.	Претражи ме.	search	0	0
I'm getting tired of staying at home all the time.	Мука ми је више од тога да остајем кући све време.	staying	0	0
Sweet dreams!	Laku noć!	dreams	0	0
I fled to Australia to avoid arrest.	Побегла сам у Аустралију да избегнем хапшење.	arrest	0	0
Everyone's holding their breath.	Svi su zadržali dah.	holding	0	0
The bus stopped suddenly.	Аутобус одједном застаде.	suddenly	0	0
I usually lock my car.	Обично закључавам ауто.	usually	0	0
He knows lots.	Он зна пуно.	lots	0	0
Your shoes are dirty.	Cipele su ti prljave.	shoes	0	0
Jump aside!	Скочи у страну!	jump	0	0
I want to get rid of all these books.	Желим да се отарасим свих ових књига.	rid	0	0
Knock it off, will you?	Prekini, hoćeš li?	knock	0	0
I owe Tom a great deal.	Puno dugujem Tomu.	owe	0	0
Tom, what do you want to be when you grow up?	Томе, шта желиш да будеш када одрастеш?	grow	0	0
They have enhanced security checks and are prepared for the worst.	Oni su poboljšali bezbednosne provere, i pripremljeni su za najgore.	worst	0	0
I live on the other side of the river.	Живим с друге стране реке.	river	0	0
Tom's aunt lives in Australia.	Томова стрина живи у Аустралији.	aunt	0	0
You're a patient man.	Стрпљив си ти мушкарац.	patient	0	0
There is cake in the kitchen.	У кухињи је торта.	kitchen	0	0
Say aah.	Кажи ааа.	aah	0	0
You look fat.	Izgledaš debelo.	fat	0	0
The document passed into the enemy's hands.	Документ је доспео у непријатељске руке.	passed	0	0
I'm blind.	Slep sam.	m	0	0
The airline makes sure to send luggage all the way to the final destination as soon as possible, or at a later date, at the passenger's choice.	Aviokompanija će se pobrinuti da pošalje Vaš prtljag sve do konačnog odredišta što pre, ili kasnije ako tako želi putnik.	final	0	0
There was slush on the road where the car, which had summer tires, was being driven.	Bila je bljuzgavica na putu gde je izleteo automobil sa letnjim gumama.	summer	0	0
Bob bragged about his big boat.	Bob se hvalio o svom velikom brodu.	bob	0	0
Keep listening.	Настави да слушаш.	listening	0	0
We managed to escape just in time.	Uspeli smo da pobegnemo tačno na vreme.	escape	0	0
I see you everywhere.	Видим те свуда.	everywhere	0	0
The moon was full yesterday.	Juče je bio pun mesec.	moon	0	0
John sat with arms crossed.	Џон је седео скрштених руку.	arms	0	0
Water power turns the wheel.	Snaga vode okreće točak.	turns	0	0
Here is my address.	Ево моје адресе.	address	0	0
I'm sure that I'll win that tennis match.	Sigurna sam da ću da pobedim na tom teniskom meču.	match	0	0
Everyone gasps.	Сви уздишу.	gasps	0	0
We can look at a suit-clad Tom at a black grand piano, moving his fingers dramatically, creating music that is very pleasant to listen to.	Možemo da gledamo Toma u odelu, za crnim velikim klavirom sa dramatičnim potezima prstiju, stvarajući muziku koja je vrlo prijatno slušati.	grand	0	0
I was nervous at first, but gradually got more relaxed.	Испрва сам био нервозан, али сам се мало-помало опустио.	nervous	0	0
If you had to go live on a deserted island and could only take one book with you, which one would you choose?	Ако би морао да одеш на живиш на пустом острву и ако би са собом могао да понесеш само једну климу, коју би изабрао?	choose	0	0
Here they show up to enjoy themselves by the fountain with ice, beer and picnic basket.	Ovde se pojave da uživaju uz fontanu sa ledom, pivom i korpom za izlet.	themselves	0	0
Tom will decide what needs to be done.	Том ће да одлучи шта треба да се уради.	decide	0	0
What is she drinking?	Šta pije ona?	drinking	0	0
Press Enter.	Притисни "ентер".	press	0	0
Don't bother with that.	Ne gubi vreme s tim.	bother	0	0
There is not a lot of foot traffic in this area so far as I have seen.	Koliko sam uspeo da vidim, u ovoj oblasti nema puno pešaka.	foot	0	0
I blame you.	Кривим тебе.	blame	0	0
Crap.	Срање.	crap	0	0
Tom swore that the drugs weren't his.	Том се заклео да дрога није његова.	drugs	0	0
I'm not the trendy type.	Nisam tip koji prati modu.	type	0	0
We counted the growth rings on the tree that we cut down and found out that it was thirty years old.	Izbrojali smo godove na stablu koje smo oborili i otkrili da je staro trideset godina.	rings	0	0
Mission accomplished.	Мисија обављена.	mission	0	0
How many people do you know who are named Tom?	Колико људи знаш да се зову Том?	named	0	0
My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.	Мој отац је увек говорио да небо помаже онима који помажу сами себи.	heaven	0	0
Tom picked up his suitcase and left.	Том је покупио свој кофер и отишао.	picked	0	0
When did you come to Paris?	Kada ste došli u Pariz?	paris	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	race	0	0
The risk is too great.	Rizik je prevelik.	risk	0	0
I've read both of these books.	Прочитала сам обе ове књиге.	books	0	0
Hold the microphone a bit further away from your mouth.	Држи микрофон мало даље од устију.	further	0	0
A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	action	0	0
Tom didn't know whether he'd be allowed to do that.	Том није знао да ли ће му бити дозвољено да уради то.	allowed	0	0
My orders are to go with you.	Наређено ми је да кренем с тобом.	orders	0	0
I was shocked when I learned that Tom got arrested.	Шокирала сам се када сам чула да је Том ухапшен.	learned	0	0
Can't you lower the price a bit?	Зар не можете мало да снизите цену?	price	0	0
Tom arrived.	Том је стигао.	arrived	0	0
His help came in the nick of time.	Njegova pomoć je stigla u poslednjem trenutku.	nick	0	0
I think otherwise.	Ја мислим другачије.	otherwise	0	0
Show me the pictures.	Покажите ми слике.	pictures	0	0
These shoes fit my feet.	Ove cipele mi pašu.	fit	0	0
Some of my friends smoke.	Neki od mojih prijatelj puše.	smoke	0	0
We act without fear or favor.	Радимо "ни по бабу, ни по стричевима".	favor	0	0
Marie played.	Мери је играла.	played	0	0
She was the first one to notice him.	Била је прва која га је приметила.	notice	0	0
I thought Tom was awesome.	Mislila sam da je Tom neverovatan.	awesome	0	0
What makes you smile?	Šta ti mami osmeh?	smile	0	0
I have a meeting with the director in a few minutes.	Имам састанак са директором за пар минута.	director	0	0
Are you a guard?	Да ли си ти стражар?	guard	0	0
Shall we begin?	Да ли да почнемо?	begin	0	0
That's his weak spot.	To je njegova slaba tačka.	spot	0	0
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom couldn't speak French.	Iznenađen sam što nisi znala da Tom ne zna francuski.	surprised	0	0
Tom said that he was innocent.	Tom je rekao da je nevin.	innocent	0	0
Mary refused the offer because she thought she could find a better place for herself in the bank.	Marija je odbila ponudu, jer je mislila da će joj biti bolje u banci.	herself	0	0
There are many beautiful parks in London.	Mnogo je lepih parkova u Londonu.	london	0	0
I've developed romantic feelings for you.	Развио сам романтична осећања према теби.	feelings	0	0
The enemy attacked from the rear.	Непријатељ је напао отпозади.	enemy	0	0
Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always.	Сваког кога упознате води битку, о којој ти не знаш ништа. Буди љубазан. Увек.	battle	0	0
Tom wants us to do that by ourselves.	Том хоће да сами урадимо то.	ourselves	0	0
Ask Alex.	Питај Алекса.	alex	0	0
Tom saved three hundred dollars.	Tom je uštedeo 300 dolara.	dollars	0	0
The best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.	Najbolji roditelji od svih su oni koji dopuste svojoj deci da prate svoje urođene talente.	allow	0	0
Beethoven wrote nine symphonies.	Betoven je napisao devet simfonija.	nine	0	0
I like to shop at that department store.	Волим да купујем у робној кући.	department	0	0
Stop trying to make me feel guilty.	Prestani da se trudiš da me napraviš krivom.	guilty	0	0
Apart from a few errors, it's a good book.	Изузев неколико грешака, књига је добра.	apart	0	0
There were about thirty people here earlier.	Раније је овде било око тридесет људи.	earlier	0	0
I'm only doing my duty.	Само вршим своју дужност.	duty	0	0
I've known Jim since we were children.	Познајем Џима још од малих ногу.	jim	0	0
Suit yourself.	Урадите како год желите.	suit	0	0
The bell rings at noon.	Звоно звони у подне.	bell	0	0
The Humboldt current is a cold ocean current that flows north along the west coast of South America.	Struja Hambolt je hladna okeanska struja koja struji duž zapadne obale Južne Amerike.	west	0	0
Let's stretch our legs.	Hajde da protegnemo noge.	legs	0	0
You're our hero.	Ти си наш херој.	hero	0	0
Destroy this temple.	Уништи овај храм.	destroy	0	0
The first stage is complete.	Prva faza je završena.	stage	0	0
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.	Човек види ствари другачије у зависности од тога да ли је богат или сиромашан.	according	0	0
Tom bought chicken.	Том је купио пилетину.	chicken	0	0
Mine's bigger than yours.	Moj je veći od tvog.	bigger	0	0
Lie low.	Немој да привлачиш пажњу.	low	0	0
Are you planning on helping them?	Планираш ли да им помогнеш?	helping	0	0
I'll admit I'm worried.	Priznajem da sam zabrinut.	admit	0	0
Tom's blinds are closed.	Tomove roletne su spuštene.	closed	0	0
Does Tom know their names?	Да ли им Том зна имена?	names	0	0
We can't call him as a witness.	Ne možemo da ga pozovemo kao svedoka.	witness	0	0
I rushed upstairs.	Пожурила сам уз степенице.	upstairs	0	0
Tom grabbed my arm.	Tom me je grabio za ruku.	arm	0	0
Steal money.	Укради новац.	steal	0	0
Kick!	Шутни!	kick	0	0
I try to air my futon at least twice a week.	Trudim se da provetrim futon barem dvaput nedeljno.	twice	0	0
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.	O tom potom.	cross	0	0
She was similar to me in many ways.	По много чему је личила на мене.	ways	0	0
Indeed, in hot weather it is important not to encase the ankles in heavy boots or leggings, as these would ensure overheating.	Заиста, током врућина је важно да чланци не буту прекривени дебелим чизмама или чарапама, јер би се тиме осигурало прегревање.	indeed	0	0
The car's almost out of gas.	Кола су скоро остала без горива.	gas	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	keeping	0	0
Solar power is a clean source of energy.	Solarna energija je čist izvog energije.	energy	0	0
And then his wife said that she was pregnant.	Pa je njegova žena bila rekla da je trudna.	pregnant	0	0
Don't waste your breath.	Ne troši glas.	waste	0	0
I'd like to thank everybody who helped.	Хтела бих да се захвалим свима који су помогли.	helped	0	0
I fired.	Испалио сам.	fired	0	0
Talk about the weather, the food at the party or your favorite drink.	Причај о времену, храни на журци или свом омиљеном пићу.	favorite	0	0
Tony did not want to work in a shop or a factory.	Toni nije hteo da radi u radnji ili fabrici.	tony	0	0
Taste it.	Пробај.	taste	0	0
I locked the door behind me.	Закључао сам врата за собом.	locked	0	0
What kind of places do you like?	Каква места волите?	places	0	0
Keep writing.	Настави да пишеш.	writing	0	0
Eve gave Adam the apple of knowledge.	Ева је дала Адаму јабуку знања.	adam	0	0
My brothers and I all share a room.	Ja i sva moja braća delimo sobu.	brothers	0	0
Tomorrow's dress rehearsal starts at one o'clock.	Генерална проба почиње сутра у 13.00 часова.	starts	0	0
Swimming is a form of exercise.	Plivanje je vrsta vežbanja.	form	0	0
I sold Tom a T-shirt.	Продао сам мајицу Тому.	sold	0	0
What a silly question!	Kakvo glupo pitanje!	silly	0	0
I won't ever mention this again.	Nikad više neću da pomenem ovo.	mention	0	0
I'd like to build my own house.	Волео бих да изградим своју личну кућу.	build	0	0
My throat hurts.	Boli me grlo.	throat	0	0
They're digging a hole.	Они копају рупу.	hole	0	0
Do you want to go run around the track with me?	Хоћеш ли да трчиш око стазе са мном?	track	0	0
"I can't find Tom." "Try ringing him."	„Ne mogu da nađem Toma.‟ „Probaj da ga pozoveš.‟	ringing	0	0
Lock the safe.	Закључајте сеф.	lock	0	0
My leg is still hurting.	Noga me i dalje boli.	leg	0	0
See above.	Видите горе.	above	0	0
I think that Tom is hiding something.	Mislim da Tom krije nešto.	hiding	0	0
Tom said he wasn't interested in Mary, but he seemed to always be looking towards the side of the room where she was.	Том је рекао да није заинтересован за Мери, али се увек чинило да гледа у правцу у коме је она.	seemed	0	0
Does that price include breakfast?	Да ли је у цену укључен доручак?	breakfast	0	0
The engine started again.	Мотор се поново покренуо.	engine	0	0
Have you ever written a computer program?	Da li si ikad napisao program za računar?	written	0	0
I made a complete fool of myself.	Napravio sam kompletnu budalu od sebe.	complete	0	0
I showed a video to Tom.	Показао сам видео Тому.	video	0	0
We don't have any more vanilla ice cream. However, we still have chocolate ice cream.	Немамо више сладолед од ваниле. Али имамо сладолед од чоколаде.	however	0	0
I love fresh bread.	Волим свеж хлеб.	fresh	0	0
It's a weapon.	То је оружје.	weapon	0	0
When I see a rainbow in the sky, my heart flutters with joy.	Када видим дугу на небу, срце ми заигра од радости.	sky	0	0
Tom stole my heart.	Том ми је украо срце.	stole	0	0
I study medicine.	Студирам медицину.	study	0	0
Burn it.	Спалите то.	burn	0	0
Tom took a book from the bookshelf and started reading it.	Том је узео књигу са полице и почео да је чита.	reading	0	0
A large crowd of people gathered.	Velika grupa ljudi se okupila.	crowd	0	0
There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	treat	0	0
The war veteran is a double amputee.	Veteran iz rata ima obe noge amputirane.	double	0	0
Two souls, one spirit.	Dve duše, jedan duh.	spirit	0	0
Danger, danger!	Опасност, опасност!	danger	0	0
The cigars cost two Marks.	Cigare koštaju dve Marke.	cost	0	0
The pantry is empty.	Шпајз је празан.	empty	0	0
Are you on the level, Ken?	Јеси ли искрен, Кене?	level	0	0
Lately I've been having trouble with my memory.	U poslednje vreme imam probleme sa pamćenjem.	memory	0	0
History does repeat itself.	Историја се понавља.	itself	0	0
Tom is acting on his own.	Tom dela na svoju ruku.	acting	0	0
After that newspaper wrote that no farmer wanted to work as a tenant in Vestfold, interest has skyrocketed.	Pošto što su te novine bile pisale o tome da ni jedan zemljoradnik ne želi da radi kao zakupac u Vestfoldu, interesovanje je naglo poraslo.	interest	0	0
I have a runny nose.	Цури ми нос.	nose	0	0
Maybe she has other plans?	Možda ona ima druge planove?	plans	0	0
One way scientists are following the spread of the brown marmorated stink bug is by setting traps.	Za Alžirijo je gas strateška dobrina.	following	0	0
Maybe Tom is in the bathroom.	Можда је Том у купатилу.	bathroom	0	0
Schools were built.	Изградиле су се шкоел.	built	0	0
We're closer to the solution.	Ближи смо решењу.	closer	0	0
Tom and I don't play in the same band anymore.	Том и ја више не свирамо у истом бенду.	band	0	0
Apparently Tom's death was a suicide.	Изгледа да је Томова смрт била самоубиство.	apparently	0	0
I'm so excited.	Тако сам узбуђена.	excited	0	0
I think that we're losing.	Мислим да губимо.	losing	0	0
Animals are afraid of fire.	Životinje se plaše vatre.	animals	0	0
He described the flight in detail.	Detaljno je opisao let.	flight	0	0
Nature photos of animals taken in complete tranquility and serenity are truly masterpieces.	Fotografije prirode i životinja, slikane u potpunoj tišini i mirnoći, su prava remek-dela.	nature	0	0
If I were you, I'd ask the boss for a raise.	Да сам на вашем месту, тражила бих повишицу од шефа.	raise	0	0
She likes Russian pop.	Њој се свиђа руски поп.	pop	0	0
Do you know how to deactivate a bomb?	Znaš li da deaktiviraš bombu?	bomb	0	0
She is wearing a gold necklace around her neck.	Ona nosi zlatno lanče oko vrata.	neck	0	0
I suspect Tom is at home, sleeping.	Претпостављам да је Том кући и да спава.	suspect	0	0
I want to warm myself.	Želim da se zagrejem.	warm	0	0
We're not likely to get paid extra for doing that.	Мало је вероватно да ће нас додатно платити што радимо то.	extra	0	0
Open the bottle.	Отворите флашу.	bottle	0	0
Tom has a heavy German accent.	Tom ima jak nemački akcenat.	heavy	0	0
Get the dogs out of here.	Растерај псе одавде.	dogs	0	0
Wild!	Лудо!	wild	0	0
You're being ridiculous.	Smešne ste.	ridiculous	0	0
I can't simply give up.	Ne mogu tek tako da se predam.	simply	0	0
The opossum is an American animal, having a head like the fox, and large eyes.	Опосум је америчка животиња која има главу као лисица и велике очи.	animal	0	0
I carried out an analysis that showed that much more money would be needed than they had previously anticipated.	Sproveo sam analizu koja je pokazala da bi bilo potrebno mnogo više novca nego što su ranije očekivali.	showed	0	0
Stop shooting!	Престани да пуцаш!	shooting	0	0
Tom keeps secrets.	Tom čuva tajne.	keeps	0	0
Don't camp here.	Не кампујте овде.	camp	0	0
They're armed with guns.	Наоружани су пиштољима.	guns	0	0
She has been prescribed medical cannabis to alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy.	Njoj su propisali medicinski kanabis radi ublažavanja neželjenih dejstava hemoterapije.	medical	0	0
What a shame!	Баш штета!	shame	0	0
This is just what I was hoping for.	Ово је управо оно чему сам се надао.	hoping	0	0
Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	whom	0	0
The goldfinch is a very interesting bird.	Štiglić je veoma zanimljiva ptica.	bird	0	0
My aunt gave me flowers.	Moja tetka mi je dala cveće.	flowers	0	0
He became world famous.	Постао је познат широм света.	famous	0	0
She finally fell asleep.	Konačno je zaspala.	asleep	0	0
Beauty is subjective.	Лепота је субјективна.	beauty	0	0
The drunk driver damaged a tree.	Пијани возач је оштетио дрво.	driver	0	0
Where did you find the keys?	Gde si našao ključeve?	keys	0	0
It didn't rain yesterday.	Јуче није падала киша.	rain	0	0
Tom said that I looked awful.	Tom je rekao da izgledam užasno.	awful	0	0
I have no wish to live in a large city.	Nemam želju da živim u velikom gradu.	large	0	0
I write for the local newspaper.	Пишем за локалне новине.	local	0	0
Give yourself a pat on the back. You deserve it.	Потапшај се по леђима. Заслужујеш.	deserve	0	0
Dripping water wears away a stone not with its strength, but with its constancy.	Voda koja kaplje ne odranja kamen snagom nego istrajnošću.	stone	0	0
He took Jane out for dinner.	Извео је Џејн на вечеру.	jane	0	0
We have all received one blessing after another from the fullness of his grace.	Svi mi primismo blagoslov za blagoslovom od svemoguće njene milosti.	grace	0	0
They consider him a highly qualified employee.	Smatraju ga za visoko kvalifikovanog zaposlenog.	consider	0	0
I hear you went to camping last weekend.	Чујем да си прошлог викенда био на камповању.	weekend	0	0
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.	Питао сам се да ли ћете се појавити данас.	wondering	0	0
I took three cold tablets before I lay down.	Uzeo sam tri tablete za prehladu pre nego što sam legao.	lay	0	0
Tom had plenty of help.	Tomu se dosta pomoglo.	plenty	0	0
They are willing to talk about the problem.	Spremni su da razgovaraju o problemu.	willing	0	0
Who wears the pants in your family?	Ko nosi pantalone u porodici?	pants	0	0
Tom has oily skin.	Tom ima masnu kožu.	skin	0	0
It was an excellent plan.	То је био одличан план.	excellent	0	0
Asshole.	Шупак.	asshole	0	0
The beautiful blonde was sunbathing on the beach.	Прелепа плавуша сунчала се на плажи.	beach	0	0
This is all just a test of faith.	Ово је само тест вере.	faith	0	0
I beg you to reconsider.	Preklinjem vas da ponovo razmislite.	beg	0	0
I'm a responsible person.	Ja sam odgovorna osoba.	responsible	0	0
A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	military	0	0
I could hear people cheering and clapping their hands.	Чуо сам људе како навијају и аплаудирају.	cheering	0	0
That opportunity was lost.	Та прилика је пропуштена.	opportunity	0	0
It's common knowledge.	То је опште знање.	common	0	0
Give me the bottom line.	Да чујем суштину.	bottom	0	0
Tom has a heavy German accent.	Том има јак немачки акценат.	german	0	0
Whoever comes will see me.	Ko dođe, videće me.	whoever	0	0
Does Tom like to cook?	Да ли Том воли да кува?	cook	0	0
I walked outside.	Изашао сам напоље.	walked	0	0
What do the papers say?	Šta kažu novine?	papers	0	0
Justice is slow, but eventual.	Правда је спора, али достижна.	justice	0	0
Let's talk in the hall.	Hajde da pričamo u hodniku.	hall	0	0
That isn't the main issue.	То није главно питање.	main	0	0
Where did you find this knife?	Gde si pronašla ovaj nož?	knife	0	0
Speak of the devil.	Mi o vuku, a vuk na vrata.	devil	0	0
It's necessary for you see a doctor.	Мораш да одеш код лекара.	necessary	0	0
Although I was sick, I did my best.	Iako sam bio bolestan, dao sam sve od sebe.	although	0	0
The doctor did what he was supposed to, and the little princess was very quiet.	Doktor je obavio šta je trebao, a da se mala princeza nije ni čula.	princess	0	0
Who left the lights on in the office?	Ко је уставио упаљена светла у канцеларији?	lights	0	0
We have fixed some damage from rocks flying onto your car.	Popravili smo neka oštećenja izazvana prskanjem kamenja na tvom automobili.	flying	0	0
The curtain rose.	Завеса се подиже.	rose	0	0
Many people seem to be interested in knowing the answer to that question.	Изгледа да је много људи заинтересовано за одговор на то питање.	knowing	0	0
Clearly, I was overly optimistic.	Очигледно, била сам превише оптимистична.	clearly	0	0
Did you buy a wool hat?	Да ли си купио вунену капу?	hat	0	0
I agreed to pay Tom what he asked for.	Сложио сам се да платим Тому шта ми је тражио.	agreed	0	0
We parted at the corner.	Растали смо се на ћошку.	corner	0	0
Signal lamps are used to transmit Morse code.	Signalne lampice se koriste da se prenese Morzeova azbuka.	code	0	0
Since the note was written in French, I couldn't read it.	Pošto je poruka bila na francuskom, nisam mogao da je pročitam.	note	0	0
People with agraphia can't write due to a brain injury.	Ljudi sa agrafijom ne mogu da pišu zbog povrede mozga.	due	0	0
Are you correct?	Да ли си у праву?	correct	0	0
Tom wants to apologize.	Том жели да се извини.	apologize	0	0
French is a difficult language.	Француски је тежак језик.	language	0	0
The sky is full of stars.	Nebo je puno zvezda.	stars	0	0
You can upgrade your computer with more random access memory to make the PC faster.	Možeš da apgrejduješ svoj računar sa više RAM memorije da ubrzaš svoj PC.	faster	0	0
Tom sells cars.	Tom prodaje kola.	cars	0	0
Howdy folks.	Ћаос, народе.	folks	0	0
Bullshit.	Будалаштине.	bullshit	0	0
Tom is a busy fellow.	Tom je zauzet momak.	fellow	0	0
I don't know what's been going wrong, but several times when I tried to log onto the site today, I couldn't do it.	Ne znam šta nije, još uvek ili samo ranije, bilo dobro, ali više puta kada sam pokušavao da se danas ulogujem na sajt, nisam mogao da to uradim.	several	0	0
Nine out of ten voters believe Maria is best suited to take over as leader. But Tom will abstain from voting.	Devet od deset birača smatraju da je Marija najpogodniji kandidat za novog vođu. Ali Tom neće glasati na ovim izborima.	leader	0	0
I can't approve the project. It leaves much to be desired.	Ne mogu da odobrim ovaj projekat. Ima puno nedostataka.	leaves	0	0
Tom was the owner of the restaurant that burned down.	Том је био власник ресторана који је изгорео.	restaurant	0	0
Head east.	Крени на исток.	east	0	0
Stop shouting.	Престани да се дереш.	shouting	0	0
They say love is blind.	Каже се да је љубав слепа.	blind	0	0
Tell us a ghost story.	Ispričaj nam priču o duhovima.	ghost	0	0
Tom is always a little irritable in the morning before he has his first cup of coffee.	Том је свако јутро мало нервозан пре него што попије прву шољу кафе.	cup	0	0
I've gotten used to working with Tom.	Навикао сам се да радим са Томом.	gotten	0	0
Hold tight.	Чврсто се држите.	tight	0	0
The conversation turned to politics.	Razgovor se pretvorio u politiku.	conversation	0	0
I have never heard such stories as he tells.	Nikada nisam čuo priče kao one što ih on priča.	tells	0	0
Beauty lies in the eyes of the one who sees.	Лепота лежи у очима посматрача.	lies	0	0
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.	Ni sneg ni kiša ni toplota ni sumornost noći neće ove kurire zaustaviti u svojim obilascima.	nor	0	0
Tom is the one who actually pulled the trigger.	Том је тај који је повукао обарач.	pulled	0	0
During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	hanging	0	0
In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.	U gradovima, ograničenje brzine je 50 kilometara na sat.	speed	0	0
I like vampire stories.	Волим вампирске приче.	stories	0	0
Running is good for your health.	Трчање је добро за здравље.	health	0	0
I want your advice.	Хоћу твој савет.	advice	0	0
He held the trophy on high.	Visoko je podigao trofej.	held	0	0
Do you think Tom was murdered?	Da li misliš da je Tom ubijen?	murdered	0	0
If the rental period is extended beyond the agreed period, a prorated rent shall be calculated.	Ako se period iznajmljivanja produži izvan ugovorenog perioda, obračunaće se proporcionalni dodatak kirije.	beyond	0	0
He makes it a rule to work in the garden for two hours every day.	Zacrtao je sebi da mora da radi u bašti dva sata dnevno.	rule	0	0
She hardly ate anything.	Једва да је ишта јела.	hardly	0	0
Tom might possibly have been the one who did that.	Tom bi možda mogao da bude taj koji je uradio to.	possibly	0	0
I'm your cousin.	Ја сам твој рођак.	cousin	0	0
Do you know how to get hold of me if there's an emergency?	Знаш ли како да ме контактираш ако дође до хитног случаја?	emergency	0	0
You ought to go now.	Мораш да идеш сада.	ought	0	0
I'll find the money somehow.	Naći ću novac nekako.	somehow	0	0
Tom lost his hearing aid.	Tom je izgubio svoj aprat za slušanje.	hearing	0	0
This house straddles the border between Canada and the United States.	Ova kuća nalazi se na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	states	0	0
If there is already an account, there is a system by which you are able to send and receive email.	Ako nalog već postoji, funkcionisaće sistem kojim možete da primate i šaljete email.	account	0	0
Tom spoke.	Том је проговорио.	spoke	0	0
I saved the file on a flash drive.	Сачувао сам фајл на флешки.	file	0	0
Tom is the only person who understood Mary.	Том је једини који је разумео Мери.	understood	0	0
We need to cut red tape.	Треба да смањимо бирократију.	tape	0	0
This milk will keep for two days.	Ово млеко ће послужити два дана.	milk	0	0
He is powerful.	Моћан је.	powerful	0	0
Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.	Proizvođači oružija treba da doniraju svoj novac organizacijama koje mogu da pomognu zemljama u ratu.	weapons	0	0
Tom is out of practice.	Tom nije vežbao.	practice	0	0
They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	manager	0	0
Pardon me!	Извини!	pardon	0	0
I didn't vote for Tom.	Нисам гласала за Тома.	vote	0	0
The actor's career lasted for thirty years.	Glumčeva karijera je trajala trideset godina.	career	0	0
She is the Prime Minister of Finland.	Ona je premijerka Finske.	minister	0	0
Who taught you how to write songs?	Ко те је научио да пишеш песме?	taught	0	0
Blues singer and guitarist Robert Johnson would have been 100 years old on May 8th of 2011 if he hadn't died when he was 27 years old.	Блуз певач и гитариста Роберт Џонсон би 8. маја 2011. године напунио 100 година да није умро када је имао 27 година.	robert	0	0
It's the third biggest city in Serbia.	To je treći grad, po veličini, u Srbiji.	biggest	0	0
He plays the role of Macbeth with great skill.	Он мајсторски игра улогу Магбета.	plays	0	0
Thunder and lightning are natural phenomena.	Громови и муње су природни феномени.	natural	0	0
Does Tom like dancing?	Да ли Том воли да плеше?	dancing	0	0
Do you have a copy?	Imaš li primerak?	copy	0	0
There is cake in the kitchen.	У кухињи је торта.	cake	0	0
People love freedom.	Људи воле слободу.	freedom	0	0
Someone among them wants to hug you.	Neko među njima želi da te zagrli.	among	0	0
Save your breath.	Не троши речи узалуд.	breath	0	0
Maria read the entire operation manual of 321 pages without stopping.	Marija je pročitala celo uputstvo za rad od 321 strane u dahu.	operation	0	0
Beth told Chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him.	Bet je rekla Krisu da se okupa ili ona neće izaći sa njim na sastanak.	chris	0	0
I need a challenge.	Треба ми изазов.	challenge	0	0
He made a killing by investing in the stock market.	Napravio je ogroman profit investirajući na tržište akcija.	market	0	0
Meat, please.	Месо, молим.	meat	0	0
Tom's two mates died in an accident, and he himself is slowly heading towards death.	Tomova dva druga su poginula u nesreći, a i on sam polako klizi ka smrti.	towards	0	0
The USA dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima in 1945.	SAD su bacile atomsku bombu na Hirošimu 1945.	dropped	0	0
The student is optimistic, but his advisor is a pessimist.	Студент је оптимиста, а његов саветник песимиста.	student	0	0
He lied to us.	Slagao nas je.	lied	0	0
An important quality of steel is its strength.	Važna osobina čelika je njegova jačina.	strength	0	0
Look at the size of it!	Gledaj koliki je!	size	0	0
Don't breathe a word of this to anyone.	Da nisi nikome ni zucnuo o ovome.	breathe	0	0
Tom changed color.	Том је променио боју.	color	0	0
He accepted that he was a monster.	Prihvatio je da je čudovište.	monster	0	0
I'm just thinking out loud.	Само наглас размишљам.	loud	0	0
Here's a photo of her.	Ево њене слике.	photo	0	0
Translating is not nearly as easy as many people might think.	Prevođenje nije ni blizu tako lako kako mnogi ljudi misle.	nearly	0	0
The target is in sight.	Meta je na vidiku.	sight	0	0
Shakespeare is one of the greatest poets.	Шекспир је један од највећих поета.	greatest	0	0
Tom amused himself by playing games.	Том се забављао играјући игрице.	games	0	0
I walked across the bridge.	Прешао сам преко моста.	bridge	0	0
She was dressed in red.	Bila je obučena u crveno.	dressed	0	0
The police have arrested Tom several times.	Полиција је хапсила Тома више пута.	arrested	0	0
I'm horrible with kids.	Užasan sam sa decom.	horrible	0	0
We are waiting for the new coach.	Чекамо новог тренера.	coach	0	0
You should leave the planning to me.	Planiranje treba da prepustiš meni.	planning	0	0
I've checked.	Proverila sam.	checked	0	0
She was close to breaking into tears.	Била је на измаку плача.	breaking	0	0
I've never noticed that before.	Nikada ranije nisam spazila to.	noticed	0	0
I think that's pretty fantastic.	Mislim da je do prilično fantasitčno.	fantastic	0	0
Every day, they serve fresh fish and lobster, which they get weekly by plane from Norway.	Oni svakodnevno služe svežu ribu i jastroge, koje dobijaju jednom nedeljno avionom iz Norveške.	serve	0	0
Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	ideas	0	0
Is this your first investigation?	Da li ti je ovo prva istraga?	investigation	0	0
The post office is located in the center of the town.	Пошта се налази у центру града.	center	0	0
Do you have an older sister?	Имаш ли старију сестру?	older	0	0
Pack light.	Не пакуј много.	pack	0	0
I'm fed up with your nonsense.	Доста ми је твојих небулоза.	nonsense	0	0
I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	project	0	0
Tom needed training.	Тому је требао тренинг.	training	0	0
Can you give an example?	Можете ли дати пример?	example	0	0
It could be a trick.	Mogao bi da bude trik.	trick	0	0
Be prepared.	Буди спреман.	prepared	0	0
Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than his teacher.	Том је ускоро открио да зна више о науци од свог предавача.	science	0	0
The Queen and the King have again united their powers.	Kraljica i kralj su ponovo ujedinili svoje moći.	united	0	0
Does Tom travel often?	Да ли Том често путује?	travel	0	0
Isn't it incredible?	Није ли невероватно?	incredible	0	0
O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.	Oh, siva mačkice, molim te, ne predi. Deka bi mogao da te čuje.	grandpa	0	0
He's afraid to involve himself in paying large sums.	Boji se da se uplete u plaćanje velikih svoti.	paying	0	0
For every given male character, there is a female version of that character.	Za svakog muškog lika postoji ženska verzija.	character	0	0
Brush your teeth.	Перите зубе.	teeth	0	0
The police persuaded the criminal to surrender his weapon.	Policija je ubedila kriminalca da preda svoje oružje.	criminal	0	0
Do you speak Chinese?	Да ли говорите кинески?	chinese	0	0
Nature photos of animals taken in complete tranquility and serenity are truly masterpieces.	Fotografije prirode i životinja, slikane u potpunoj tišini i mirnoći, su prava remek-dela.	truly	0	0
Do you honestly think I'd do something like that?	Зар искрено мислиш да бих урадио нешто тако?	honestly	0	0
Tom'll survive.	Tom će preživeti.	survive	0	0
We all missed the target.	Niko od nas nije pogodio metu.	target	0	0
We feed our dog once a day.	Хранимо пса једном дневно.	feed	0	0
She dreamed of becoming a nurse.	Maštala je da postane medicinska sestra.	nurse	0	0
It's a fake one, right?	Ta je lažnjak, zar ne?	fake	0	0
There are no records that match the request.	нема слогова коiи одговарају упиту.	records	0	0
Is he breathing?	Дише ли?	breathing	0	0
I'm not good with numbers.	Нисам добра с бројкама.	numbers	0	0
I panicked when I read that they expected big protests in Riyadh today, but then my wife reassured me, saying that she had just bought two bottles of olive oil, ensuring our living standard for months, even if oil prices were to explode.	Успаничио сам се када сам прочитао да су данас очекивали велике протесте у Ријаду, али ме је онда жена умирила, рекавши ми да је управо купила две боце маслиновог уља, тиме обезбедивши наш животни стандард за надолазеће месеце, чак и да цена нафте букне.	oil	0	0
Is it true that Tom committed suicide?	Da li je istina da je Tom izvršio samoubistvo?	suicide	0	0
I think I belong here.	Мислим да припадам овде.	belong	0	0
That's perfectly normal.	To je sasvim uobičajeno.	perfectly	0	0
I've forgotten.	Zaboravila sam.	forgotten	0	0
A thin person can remain thin and a fat person remain fat while exercising assiduously if the exercise is not properly directed.	Мршава особа може да остане мршава и девела особа може да остане дебела док посвећено вежба уколико та вежба није усмерена како треба.	remain	0	0
There are many minor mistakes and tiny misunderstandings here that distort the meaning of the original sentence.	Ovde je velika količina manjih grešaka i sitnog nerazumevanja koji iskrivljuju značenje originalne rečenice.	original	0	0
We have fixed some damage from rocks flying onto your car.	Popravili smo neka oštećenja izazvana prskanjem kamenja na tvom automobili.	onto	0	0
Tom can do whatever he likes as far as I'm concerned.	Tom može da radi šta mu je volja, što se mene tiče.	concerned	0	0
Can I pay by credit card?	Mogu li da platim karticom?	credit	0	0
Ugh! I hate snakes!	Uf! Mrzim zmije!	ugh	0	0
Tom knew why he had been invited.	Том је знао зашто су га звали.	invited	0	0
You must not discuss this matter with anyone.	O ovome ne smeš ni sa kim da razgovaraš.	discuss	0	0
The great question that has never been answered, and which I have not yet been able to answer, despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is "What does a woman want?"	Велико питање на које никада није одговорено, на које ни ја нисам био у стању да дам одговор, упркос тридесетогодишњем истраживању женске душе, гласи: Шта жена жели?	research	0	0
It might be easier than you think.	Може да буде лакше него што мислиш.	easier	0	0
It's a nice view, isn't it?	Леп поглед, зар не?	view	0	0
Tom sat in his favorite chair.	Том седе у своју омиљену столицу.	chair	0	0
My stomach hurts.	Стомак ме боли.	hurts	0	0
Tom is considering going on strike.	Том размишља да почне да штрајкује.	strike	0	0
Roger.	Примљено.	roger	0	0
Fill it up.	Напуни је.	fill	0	0
Three of the wounded, whose condition is unclear, have been evacuated to an American field hospital.	Troje ranjenih, za koje je trenutno nejasno u kakvom su stanju, je evakuisano u Američku poljsku bolnicu.	condition	0	0
Today, the ship remained over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge - a mountain range located on the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 3 miles.	Danas je brod bio iznad Srednjeatlanskog Grebena - planinskog venca koji se nalazi na dnu okeana, na dubinama do 4500 metara.	mountain	0	0
Dr. Jackson has a good bedside manner.	Др Џексон има добар однос према пацијенту.	dr	0	0
It came out of nowhere.	Došlo je niotkuda.	nowhere	0	0
Tom is turning thirteen.	Tom puni trinaest godina.	turning	0	0
The bag is brown.	Торба је браон.	brown	0	0
I don't recognize that guy.	Нисам препознао тог момка.	recognize	0	0
Everyone knows that two heads are better than one.	Сви знају да су две главе боље од једне.	heads	0	0
The audience didn't like the show.	Публици се није допала представа.	audience	0	0
Are you still jealous?	Jesi li i dalje ljubomoran?	jealous	0	0
I'm going to pretend you didn't say that.	Правићу се да то ниси рекла.	pretend	0	0
There is a long way from oil dependence to a renewable energy society.	Dalek je put od zavisnosti od nafte do društva zasnovanog na obnovljivoj energiji.	society	0	0
She was always finding fault with me.	Увек је налазила грешке у мени.	finding	0	0
I didn't like the shirt that Tom gave me for my birthday, so I gave it to John.	Није ми се допала кошуља коју ми је Том поклонио за рођендан, па сам је дао Тому.	shirt	0	0
Any saddle may be adjusted to be comfortable, but saddles seldom remain comfortable after being adjusted.	Свако седиште се може подесити да буде удобно, али седишта ретко остају удобна после подешавања.	comfortable	0	0
What is the meaning of this word?	Šta znači ova reč?	meaning	0	0
Tom and Mary are playing chess with a set of hand-carved chess pieces supposedly made of ivory.	Tom i Marija igraju šah sa skupom ručno izrezbarenih šahovskih figura navodno od slonovače.	pieces	0	0
I hope that the weather will be dry.	Nadam se da će biti suvo vreme.	dry	0	0
Tom never had any intention of letting Mary do that.	Tom nikad nije nameravao da dopusti Meri da uradi to.	letting	0	0
He began to shout.	Почео је да виче.	began	0	0
For every given male character, there is a female version of that character.	Za svakog muškog lika postoji ženska verzija.	female	0	0
Release him.	Пусти га.	release	0	0
All my credit cards are maxed out.	Prekoračio sam limit na svim kreditnim karticama.	cards	0	0
Pray.	Моли се.	pray	0	0
Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	unfortunately	0	0
Balls are round.	Лопте су округле.	balls	0	0
Carthage must be destroyed.	Картагина мора бити разорена!	destroyed	0	0
I ended up calling the police.	На крају сам звао полицију.	ended	0	0
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	universe	0	0
Prepare yourself.	Спреми се.	prepare	0	0
I want Tom's opinion, too.	Хоћу и Томово мишљење.	opinion	0	0
I like watching war movies.	Волим да гледам ратне филмове.	movies	0	0
I'm not a soldier.	Нисам војник.	soldier	0	0
I'll wash the dog.	Опраћу пса.	wash	0	0
Have you ever written a computer program?	Jesi li ikad napisao program za računar?	program	0	0
The heat is getting unbearable.	Ова врућина постане неподношљива.	heat	0	0
Needless to say, he was late for school as usual.	Naravno, zakasnio je u školu, kao i obično.	usual	0	0
Can I see your ticket?	Mogu li da pogledam vašu kartu?	ticket	0	0
The police recovered the stolen money.	Policija je pronašla ukraden novac.	stolen	0	0
I prefer oranges to apples.	Više volim narandže od jabuka.	prefer	0	0
I'm aware that the work will be difficult.	Свестан сам тога да ће рад бити тежак.	aware	0	0
The next time will surely be better.	Sledeći put će zasigurno biti bolje.	surely	0	0
For every given male character, there is a female version of that character.	Za svakog muškog lika postoji ženska verzija.	male	0	0
Ammonia is a base.	Amonijak je baza.	base	0	0
I think it matters.	Мислим да је важно.	matters	0	0
Before this decision takes effect, nobody will lift a finger in order to solve this.	Pre nego što ova odluka stupi na snagu, niko neće ni prstom da mrdne da ovo reši.	lift	0	0
Begin at my command.	Почни кад ја издам наређење.	command	0	0
There is no proof.	Нема доказа.	proof	0	0
We don't have any more vanilla ice cream. However, we still have chocolate ice cream.	Немамо више сладолед од ваниле. Али имамо сладолед од чоколаде.	cream	0	0
Tom made his fortune selling used cars.	Том се обогатио продајући аутомобиле.	selling	0	0
I've believed in Kylie Minogue since June 12, 1998.	Ja verujem u Kajli Minog od 12. juna 1998.	believed	0	0
Composers create music.	Композитори компонују музику.	create	0	0
I can't afford to waste any more time.	Не могу да приуштим себи да протраћим још времена.	afford	0	0
A week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.	Nedelja ima sedam dana: ponedeljak, utorak, sreda, četvrtak, petak, subota i nedelja.	sunday	0	0
Do you want to see the total solar eclipse that will leave Svalbard in the dark on March 20, 2015?	Da li želiš da vidiš totalno pomračenje Sunca koje će ostaviti Svalbard u mraku 20. Marta 2015.?	total	0	0
You're so dumb.	Тако си глуп.	dumb	0	0
I picked up a rock and threw it at the dog.	Узео сам камен и бацио га на куче.	threw	0	0
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right thigh bone in a bicycling accident Sunday in France.	Sekretar Sjedinjenih država Džon Keri polomio je desnu butnu kost u biciklističkoj nezgodi u nedelju u Francuskoj.	france	0	0
My water broke on the evening of the predicted birth date.	Мој водењак је пукао у вечерњним сатима предвиђеног датума.	birth	0	0
They deliberately created a hostile environment.	Намерно су направили непријатељски настројено окружење.	created	0	0
I realized something was terribly wrong.	Схватио сам да је нешто ужасно кренуло по злу.	realized	0	0
My computer's fan is making a lot of noise.	Кулер мог рачунара прави велику буку.	noise	0	0
That guy is completely nuts!	Taj mladić je potpuno lud!	nuts	0	0
I tell my students that all the time.	Ја то увек кажем својим ученицима.	students	0	0
The birds sang.	Птице су певале.	birds	0	0
He was a member of a social elite rather than the masses.	On je pre bio član društvene elite, nego predstavnik širokih masa.	social	0	0
People say Tom is brilliant.	Људи кажу да је Том бриљантан.	brilliant	0	0
I'll take this brown tie.	Узећу ову браон кравату.	tie	0	0
I opened my suitcase and started unpacking it.	Отворио сам кофер и почео с распакивањем.	opened	0	0
Tom has been a customer of ours for a long time.	Том је наша муштерија већ дуже време.	ours	0	0
Tom helped save me a few bucks by telling me about a cheaper place to buy one.	Tom mi je pomogao da uštedim koji dinar tako što mi je rekao za jeftinije mesto gde se to može kupiti.	bucks	0	0
I think I'm ugly.	Мислим да сам ружна.	ugly	0	0
Focus.	Усредсреди се.	focus	0	0
Dan got a lucky cat figurine from a co-worker for his birthday.	Dan je za rođendan dobio figuricu mačke za sreću od kolege s posla.	dan	0	0
A golden key opens all doors.	Златни кључ све отвара.	opens	0	0
Ghosts exist.	Duhovi postoje.	exist	0	0
I followed him.	Пратила сам га.	followed	0	0
Where do you draw the line?	Где подвлачиш црту?	draw	0	0
I think they do that on purpose.	Mislim da to rade namerno.	purpose	0	0
She was hard at work writing letters.	Напорно је радила пишући писма.	letters	0	0
She was careful opening the drawer.	Пажљиво је отварала фиоку.	opening	0	0
The bullet went through his body.	Метак је прошао кроз његово тело.	bullet	0	0
How have things been lately?	Како си ових дана?	lately	0	0
We stayed together in Boston for a couple of days.	Остали смо заједно у Бостону неколико дана.	stayed	0	0
I've never had trouble falling asleep.	Nikad nisam imala problema da zaspim.	falling	0	0
Summer is my favorite season.	Лето је моје омиљено годишње доба.	season	0	0
Is this how it ends?	Значи овако се завршава?	ends	0	0
I was just going to suggest that you do that.	Taman sam krenuo da ti predložim da uradiš to.	suggest	0	0
When I see a rainbow in the sky, my heart flutters with joy.	Kada vidim dugu na nebu, srce mi zaigra od radosti.	joy	0	0
The distance from my house to your house is two kilometers.	Rastojanje između moje kuće i tvoje kuće je dva kilometra.	distance	0	0
No one wants to take responsibility.	Нико не жели да преузме одговорност.	responsibility	0	0
I'll be glad to help you whenever you need me.	Биће ми драго да помогнем кад год затребам.	whenever	0	0
That isn't the main issue.	To nije glavno pitanje.	issue	0	0
Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	thousands	0	0
Experts say it was a difficult process.	Стручњаци кажу да је то био тежак процес.	process	0	0
I lowered my sword.	Спустио сам мач.	sword	0	0
I was taking a shower.	Туширао сам се.	shower	0	0
That's his weak spot.	То је његова слаба тачка.	weak	0	0
Are you feeling lonely?	Јеси ли усамљена?	lonely	0	0
Everybody seeks happiness.	Свако тражи срећу.	happiness	0	0
Tom hates his tiny bedroom.	Tom mrzi svoju malu spavaću sobu.	tiny	0	0
This is my desk.	Ovo je moj pisaći sto.	desk	0	0
How many buckets of water would it take to fill this swimming pool?	Колико кофи воде би било потребно да се напуни овај базен?	pool	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	property	0	0
The minister was caught lying to the corruption enquiry and was forced to resign.	Ministar je bio uhvaćen da je lagao pri istraživanju korupcije te je bio primoran da da otkaz.	forced	0	0
Settle down.	Смири се.	settle	0	0
The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.	Najbolji način da izgubiš kilažu je da manje jedeš i više vežbaš.	weight	0	0
She received four e-mails.	Добила је четири имејла.	received	0	0
Your dog tried to bite me.	Твоје куче је пробало да ме уједе.	bite	0	0
Finally, it's Friday.	Konačno je petak.	friday	0	0
Tom walked away and soon disappeared into the fog.	Том је одшетао и нестао у магли.	disappeared	0	0
The interview was recorded on video and shared all over the Internet.	Napravljen je video snimak intervjua i objavljen je širom interneta.	interview	0	0
Mary puckered her lips, expecting a kiss, but nothing happened. When she opened her eyes, Tom had gone.	Мери је напућила усне, очекујући пољубав, али се ништа није десило. Када је отворила очи, Том је већ отишао.	expecting	0	0
There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	surgery	0	0
Does Tom bet on horses?	Да ли се Том клади на коње?	horses	0	0
The mayor presented the prizes in person.	Градоначелник је лично уручио награде.	mayor	0	0
Tom is interested in ancient Egyptian history.	Тома занима древна египатска историја.	ancient	0	0
Care to join me, handsome?	Hoćeš da mi se pridružiš, lepi?	handsome	0	0
Thomas grinned.	Томас се исцери.	thomas	0	0
Yesterday was Sunday, not Saturday.	Juče je bila nedelja, a ne subota.	saturday	0	0
I understand that they're going to increase the staff.	Контам да ће повећати број запослених.	staff	0	0
Please read between the lines.	Molimo vas, čitajte između redova.	lines	0	0
During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	unit	0	0
I'm a big football fan.	Veliki sam fan fudbala.	fan	0	0
I know the gentleman.	Znam gospodina.	gentleman	0	0
Now introduce yourself using these sentences!	Сада представите себе користећи ове Реченице!	introduce	0	0
Fate shuffles the cards; we play.	Sudbina meša karte, a mi igramo.	fate	0	0
Let's split the cost.	Хајде да поделимо трошак.	split	0	0
We recently decided to get married.	Скоро смо одлучили да се венчамо.	recently	0	0
I expected a raise.	Очекивао сам повишицу.	expected	0	0
He isn't smart enough to add up numbers in his head.	On nije dovoljno pametan da sabere brojeve u glavi.	add	0	0
That's what the doctor ordered.	To je doktor naručio.	ordered	0	0
I think you should speak a bit more slowly.	Mislim da treba da pričaš malo sporije.	slowly	0	0
All pumps and alarm systems failed, and large amounts of water flooded into the Oslofjord Tunnel three days ago.	Pre tri dana su sve pumpe i alarmni sistemi otkazali, i velika količina vode je prodrla u oslofjordski tunel.	alarm	0	0
FIFA is composed of 209 member associations.	FIFA se sastoji od 209 udruženja.	member	0	0
Tom slept.	Том је спавао.	slept	0	0
Everyone signed.	Сви су потписали.	signed	0	0
You may not enter that room.	Ne smeš da uđeš u tu sobu.	enter	0	0
How do you say "cat" in Spanish?	Како се каже „мачка“ на шпанском?	spanish	0	0
There are all kinds of flowers in that garden.	Постоје све врсте цвећа у тој башти.	garden	0	0
You're very brave, aren't you?	Веома сте храбри, зар не?	brave	0	0
Mary can't stand Tom's boss, because he's a male chauvinist pig.	Meri ne može da podnese Tomovog šefa jer je muška šovinistička svinja.	pig	0	0
Sooner or later, we'll have to buy a new TV since the TV we have now is a very old model.	Пре или касније, мораћемо да купимо ТВ јер је ТВ који имамо сада веома стар.	model	0	0
Before this decision takes effect, nobody will lift a finger in order to solve this.	Pre nego što ova odluka stupi na snagu, niko neće ni prstom da mrdne da ovo reši.	finger	0	0
I'm happy that the medicine that the doctor prescribed really worked.	Срећан сам што је лек који ми је доктор преписао стварно деловао.	medicine	0	0
We have no access to clean water.	Немамо приступ чистој води.	access	0	0
I've failed.	Nisam uspela.	failed	0	0
The top of that mountain is flat.	Vrh te planine je ravan.	flat	0	0
Paper burns easily.	Папир лако гори.	easily	0	0
Tom discovered that his money had been stolen.	Том је открио да му је новац украден.	discovered	0	0
Where are you based now?	Gde si sada?	based	0	0
Screw you!	Јеби се!	screw	0	0
That's insane.	То је лудо.	insane	0	0
Tom cares about no one but himself.	Тома није брига ни за кога осим за себе самога.	cares	0	0
If the weather had been nice yesterday, we would have gone to the zoo.	Да је јуче било лепо време, ишли бисмо у зоолошки врт.	weather	0	0
We have five fingers on each hand.	Имамо пет прстију на свакој руци.	fingers	0	0
The path is direct.	Put je direktan.	path	0	0
I've been too soft on Tom.	Био сам превише мек према Тому.	soft	0	0
I didn't mean any harm.	Ne želim nikakvo zlo.	harm	0	0
You should change your hair style.	Trebalo bi da promeniš frizuru.	style	0	0
Tom sees things.	Тому се привиђа.	sees	0	0
Al lived in the Soviet Union, huge and multinational one, at the large Tver Region equal to several English counties in size.	Al je živeo u Sovjetskom savezu, onom velikom i višenarodnom, u velikom regionu Tver, po veličini jednakim nekoliko engleskih zemalja.	al	0	0
Wait for my signal.	Чекај мој сигнал.	signal	0	0
He has money enough and to spare.	On ima dosta para, čak i višak.	spare	0	0
Her speech was excellent.	Њен говор је био одличан.	speech	0	0
The top of the mountain was covered with snow.	Врх планине је био прекривен снегом.	covered	0	0
Shake before using.	Промућајте пре коришћења.	shake	0	0
If the screw is oily or greasy, it will work loose.	Ако је шраф подмазан или масан, разлабавиће се.	loose	0	0
The first snow fell today.	Danas je pao prvi sneg.	snow	0	0
She likes Russian pop.	Њој се свиђа руски поп.	russian	0	0
Tom wants to go to the lake with us.	Том хоће на језеро са нама.	lake	0	0
It's very bright.	Veoma je svetlo.	bright	0	0
The bird on the roof is a crow.	Птица на крову је врана.	roof	0	0
I'm sending you this sentence when you least expect it.	Шаљем ти реченицу кад се најмање надаш.	sending	0	0
I can't paint as well as Tom.	Ne umem da crtam dobro kao Tom.	paint	0	0
Are you thirsty, pal?	Је л' си жедан, бураз?	pal	0	0
I don't want you to see me naked.	Ne želim da me vidiš golog.	naked	0	0
Tom is as deaf as a post.	Том је глув као топ.	post	0	0
Pass me the sugar, please.	Dobaci mi šećer, molim te.	sugar	0	0
I was just heading out.	Taman sam krenula.	heading	0	0
The streets are very narrow.	Улице су веома уске.	streets	0	0
We have fixed some damage from rocks flying onto your car.	Popravili smo neka oštećenja izazvana prskanjem kamenja na tvom automobili.	damage	0	0
We sat together in silence for some time.	Sedeli smo zajedno u tišini neko vreme.	silence	0	0
Nobody knows what goes on behind those doors.	Niko ne zna šta se zbiva iza tih vrata.	doors	0	0
It was a huge success.	Bio je veliki uspeh.	success	0	0
Wet dogs smell awful.	Мокри пси смрде ужасно.	wet	0	0
Tom owed a large amount of money.	Том је дуговаок велику количину новца.	amount	0	0
Union members will vote today on whether to take industrial action.	Članovi Unije će danas glasati da li da sprovedu industrijske mere.	members	0	0
Unless they manage to force the company to make the necessary concessions, they should give up hope.	Mogu da prestanu da se nadaju sve dok ne uspeju da primoraju kompaniju na neophodnu koncesiju.	manage	0	0
I'm concerned with Tom's safety.	Brinem se zbog Tomove bezbednosti.	safety	0	0
He returned from Canada.	Оне се вратио из Канаде.	returned	0	0
It's getting harder for me to concentrate.	Sve mi je teže da se koncentrišem.	harder	0	0
Circle the block.	Обиђи блок.	block	0	0
He had a work contract.	Imao je kontakta na poslu.	contract	0	0
Dig faster.	Копај брже.	dig	0	0
Suddenly, Tom grabbed his chest in pain.	Наједном, Том се зграби за груди од бола.	chest	0	0
Good-bye!	Довиђења!	good-bye	0	0
Not everyone who drinks becomes an alcoholic.	Не постају алкохоличари сви који пију.	drinks	0	0
Tom couldn't remember where he'd buried the money.	Том није могао да се сети где је закопао новац.	buried	0	0
This is Brian Rock.	Ово је Брајан Рок.	brian	0	0
Mary used walking poles to assist her with the uphill and downhill sections of the journey.	Meri je koristila štapove za hodanje koje su joj pomogle pri usponima i padovima na putovanju.	journey	0	0
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.	Put do muškog srca vodi preko stomaka.	stomach	0	0
The form of language changes over time.	Jezička forma se vremenom menja.	changes	0	0
We have no further details at this time.	Немамо више детаља у овом тренутку.	details	0	0
I had second thoughts.	Predomislila sam se.	thoughts	0	0
Divorce is stressful.	Развод је стресна ситуација.	divorce	0	0
I'm going to a funeral tomorrow.	Сутра идем на сахрану.	funeral	0	0
Nine out of ten voters believe Maria is best suited to take over as leader. But Tom will abstain from voting.	Devet od deset birača smatraju da je Marija najpogodniji kandidat za novog vođu. Ali Tom neće glasati na ovim izborima.	maria	0	0
I played football.	Играла сам фудбал.	football	0	0
How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	reality	0	0
I couldn't prove my theory.	Нисам могао да докажем своју теорију.	theory	0	0
I'm ruined.	Uništena sam.	ruined	0	0
Tom was talking to someone near the gate not too long ago.	Том је причао с неким код капије до малопре.	gate	0	0
The news spread quickly that Tom had been shot.	Вест да је Том упуцан се брзо ширила.	spread	0	0
What do you think was the most read article this year on the Japanese version of Wikipedia?	Šta misliš, koji članak je bio najčitaniji ove godine na japanskoj verziji Vikipedije?	japanese	0	0
A beard doesn't make a philosopher, nor does wearing a cheap coat.	Brada ne čini filozofa, ali to ne čini ni jeftin mantil.	coat	0	0
Tom came home sooner than I expected.	Том се вратио кући раније него што сам очекивала.	sooner	0	0
I love cheese.	Ја волим сир.	cheese	0	0
Snow melts in the spring.	Снег се топи у пролеће.	spring	0	0
The only word written on the page was the word "frog."	Jedina reč napisana na stranici bila je "žaba".	page	0	0
That's music to my ears.	To je muzika za moje uši.	ears	0	0
A man's home is his castle.	Svoja kućica, svoja slobodica.	castle	0	0
Tom keeps a spare key hidden in his garden.	Tom je sakrio jedan rezervni ključ u njegovoj bašti.	hidden	0	0
The storm had a serious effect on the economy.	Oluja je imala ozbiljan uticaj na ekonomiju.	storm	0	0
I want to personally thank you.	Желим да вам се лично захвалим.	personally	0	0
Picasso is a famous artist.	Pikaso je čuveni umetnik.	artist	0	0
We climbed up the hill.	Попели смо се уз брдо.	hill	0	0
Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	exciting	0	0
I need your permission.	Треба ми ваша дозвола.	permission	0	0
These shoes are very expensive.	Ове ципеле су веома скупе.	expensive	0	0
Are there any tickets left for today's concert?	Да ли је остало нешто карата за данашњи концерт?	tickets	0	0
He lives in the forest alone.	Živi sam u šumi.	forest	0	0
We barely survived.	Једва смо преживели.	barely	0	0
He bought eggs and milk from a farmer.	Kupio je jaja i mleko od seljaka.	eggs	0	0
I felt a sharp sense of regret.	Осетио сам оштар осећај кајања.	regret	0	0
His failure taught me a good lesson.	Његова несрећа мене је много чему научила.	lesson	0	0
Tom is a cat lover.	Том воли мачке.	lover	0	0
White bread, please.	Бели хлеб, молим.	bread	0	0
You seem to know a lot about that subject.	Изгледа да знаш доста о тој теми.	subject	0	0
In case of collision, the vehicle which has maintained the proper side of the roadway has the advantage in case of legal controversy.	У случају судара, возило које се правилно држало своје стран пута има предност у случају легалних контроверзија.	legal	0	0
I'm not afraid of growing old.	Ne bojim se starenja.	growing	0	0
I was ill yesterday but I am feeling fine today!	Јуче сам био болестан, али се данас осећам добро.	ill	0	0
Everyone was in a bad mood.	Сви су били лоше расположени.	mood	0	0
I'm not the owner.	Ja nisam vlasnik.	owner	0	0
Boy, that sentence sure caused a kerfuffle.	Čoveče, da rečenica je izazvala pravu pometnju.	caused	0	0
She points out that this latest gesture of the government has multiple meanings.	Ona ističe da ovaj poslednji potez vlade ima višestruko značenje.	points	0	0
I've been dating Tom.	Излазила сам са Томом.	dating	0	0
His loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one.	Губитак памћења је више психолошки него физички.	loss	0	0
The secretary opened the mail which had been delivered that morning.	Sekretarica je otvorila poštu koja je dostavljena to jutro.	secretary	0	0
Sweet revenge.	Слатка освета.	revenge	0	0
Santa lives at the North Pole.	Деда Мраз живи на северном полу.	santa	0	0
Tom is more than likely to be late.	Tom će najverovatnije da zakasni.	likely	0	0
I paid Tom's rent for him.	Платио сам Томову кирију уместо њега.	rent	0	0
A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.	Nova grana ka Haugesundu će postati glavna efektivna putna veza ka Oslu i Istočnoj Norveškoj za ceo zapadni region.	connection	0	0
Tom's personal assistant has a personal assistant.	Tomov lični asistent ima ličnog asistenta.	assistant	0	0
That was one of the reasons we decided to go to Boston.	То беше један од разлога због којих смо одлучили да одемо у Бостон.	reasons	0	0
Stop yelling.	Престаните да вичете.	yelling	0	0
Are you going to sell this painting?	Да ли ћеш да продаш ову слику?	painting	0	0
Monkeys climb trees.	Мајмуни се пењу на дрвеће.	trees	0	0
We are doctors.	Доктори смо.	doctors	0	0
Don't rush.	Ne žuri.	rush	0	0
I like to study foreign languages.	Волим да студирам стране језике.	foreign	0	0
I'm having a rough day.	Imam težak dan.	rough	0	0
Murderer!	Убицо!	murderer	0	0
A century is one hundred years.	Један век је сто година.	century	0	0
Tom bought a pair of black dress shoes yesterday.	Tom je juče kupio par crnih cipela.	pair	0	0
This car runs great.	Ovaj auto dobro vozi.	runs	0	0
Put this in your pocket.	Stavi ovo u džep.	pocket	0	0
I don't live on a farm.	Не живим на фарми.	farm	0	0
I rode my bike.	Возио сам бициклу.	bike	0	0
It was obvious to everyone that Tom didn't want to be there.	Свима је било очигледно да Том није желео да буде тамо.	obvious	0	0
I want to eat at that restaurant we ate at last week.	Хоћу да једем у ресторану у којем смо јели прошле недеље.	ate	0	0
She grew roses.	Узгајала је руже.	grew	0	0
Tom is a highly-qualified professional.	Том је висококвалификовани професионалац.	professional	0	0
The World Wide Web was invented by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989.	Svetsku mrežu je izumeo 1989. godine Tom Berners Li.	tim	0	0
This story is in two parts.	Ова прича је из два дела.	parts	0	0
Tom was a university professor.	То је био професор на универзитету.	university	0	0
Do you think they gave Tom a square deal?	Мислиш да је понуда коју су дали Тому фер?	square	0	0
He's old enough to be her grandfather.	Довољно је стар да јој буде деда.	grandfather	0	0
Translation is the language of Europe.	Jezik Evrope je prevod.	europe	0	0
In some cases, emeralds can be worth more than diamonds.	U nekim slučajevima smaragdi mogu da budu dragoceniji od dijamanata.	cases	0	0
I don't want to ruin your day.	Ne želim da ti uništim dan.	ruin	0	0
I'm going to write about what I did last winter.	Писаћу о томе шта сам радила прошле зиме.	winter	0	0
He got his tongue pierced.	Ставио је пирсинг на језик.	tongue	0	0
He wishes to erase bad memories.	On želi da se otarasi bolnih sećanja.	memories	0	0
I'm not buying it.	Не наседам на то.	buying	0	0
The old man died of cancer.	Старац је умро од рака.	cancer	0	0
I'm thinking of having dinner at six o'clock.	Razmišljam se da večeram u šest.	clock	0	0
I'm swimming in the ocean.	Plivam u okeanu.	ocean	0	0
You're a little liar.	Ti si mali lažljivac.	liar	0	0
I was the only man in the tour group. The others were 7 Arab women who live in Istanbul.	Bio sam jedini muškarac u turističkoj grupi. Ostatak su činile arapkinje koje žive u Istanbulu.	tour	0	0
The thief stole the jewels last night.	Lopov je ukrao dragulje sinoć.	thief	0	0
You know your rights.	Ti znaš svoja prava.	rights	0	0
Same sex marriage is now legal in 20 countries worldwide, including Ireland as of yesterday.	Brak između osoba istog pola je sada legalan u 20 zemalja, uključujući Irsku od juče.	including	0	0
There was no real competition.	Није било праве конкуренције.	competition	0	0
I have a lot of stuff planned for tomorrow.	Imam puno planiranih stvari za sutra.	planned	0	0
Emily and Melanie are English.	Emili i Melani su Engleskinje.	emily	0	0
I think you're boring.	Мислим да си досадна.	boring	0	0
He mentioned it.	Он је споменуо то.	mentioned	0	0
A leaf is part of a plant.	Лист је део биљке.	plant	0	0
Bless you.	Nazdravlje!	bless	0	0
I gave Tom a warning.	Упозорих Тома.	warning	0	0
Somebody is knocking on the door. It must be Tom.	Неко куца на врата. Мора да је Том.	knocking	0	0
We're done for today.	Завршили смо за данас.	re	0	0
I have a full-length mirror in my bedroom.	U spavaćoj sobi imam ogledalo od poda do plafona.	bedroom	0	0
A teacher's salary is lower than a lawyer's.	Плата учитеља је мања од плате адвоката.	lower	0	0
We all knew gold was heavier than silver.	Сви знамо да је злато теже од сребра.	silver	0	0
The maths exam results are out!	Izašli su rezultati ispita iz matematike!	results	0	0
Tom swore when his expensive smartphone fell into the toilet.	Том опсова кад му скуп телефон испаде у WC шољу.	toilet	0	0
If it rains, the event will be canceled.	Ako padne kiša, događaj će biti otkazan.	event	0	0
Why is it so complicated?	Зашто је то тако компликовано?	complicated	0	0
I'm in better shape than you are.	U boljoj sam formi od tebe.	shape	0	0
Are you a priest?	Da li si sveštenik?	priest	0	0
The royal wedding was a great spectacle.	Kraljevsko venšanje je bilo veliki spektakl.	royal	0	0
A beard doesn't make a philosopher, nor does wearing a cheap coat.	Brada ne čini filozofa, ali to ne čini ni jeftin mantil.	cheap	0	0
I knew that Tom would do something romantic.	Знала сам да ће Том урадити нешто романтично.	romantic	0	0
Come downstairs.	Сиђи доле.	downstairs	0	0
Tom persuaded Mary to invite John to the party.	Tom je ubedio Meri da pozove Džona na žurku.	invite	0	0
Tom made his fortune selling used cars.	Том се обогатио продајући аутомобиле.	fortune	0	0
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.	Meri se vratila iz škole uplakana jer su je drugari zadirkivali.	tears	0	0
I fled to Australia to avoid getting arrested.	Побегла сам у Аустралију каљњко бих избегла да ме ухапсе.	avoid	0	0
I reached Boston three days later.	Стигао сам до Бостона три дана касније.	reached	0	0
Greyhounds have higher levels of red blood cells than other breeds.	Хртови имају виши ниво црвених крвних зрнаца од других раса.	higher	0	0
Tom does look familiar.	Tom stvarno izgleda poznato.	familiar	0	0
I had hardly hung up when the telephone rang again.	Једва да сам спустио слушалицу кад је телефон опет зазвонио.	telephone	0	0
She was burning to tell the secret.	Горела је од жеље да подели тајну.	burning	0	0
Tom filled his glass and then filled one for Mary.	Том је напунио своју чашу а онда напунио једну за Мери.	filled	0	0
Tom doesn't like Mary. He also doesn't like Alice.	Тому се не допада Мери. Не допада му се ни Алис.	alice	0	0
A heavily delayed Norwegian airplane was able to finally depart from the Hartsfield-Jackson airport in Atlanta and head for Oslo on Tuesday night.	Sa strašnim zakašnjenjem je avion Norwegian-a sa Hartsfilda-Džekson aerodroma u Atlanti za Oslo konačno mogao da se uputi za Norvešku u utorak veče.	airport	0	0
There are no jobs here.	Ovde nema poslova.	jobs	0	0
You've grown.	Porasla si.	grown	0	0
Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	giant	0	0
I'll buy a boat soon. What type of insurance should I choose?	Uskoro ću kupili čamac. Kakvo osiguranje treba da izaberem?	insurance	0	0
I ran into the woods.	Отрчах у шуму.	woods	0	0
I don't want to scare Tom.	Нећу да уплашим Тома.	scare	0	0
I'd be very pleased if that happened.	Била бих јако задовољна ако се то деси.	pleased	0	0
If the rental period is extended beyond the agreed period, a prorated rent shall be calculated.	Ako se period iznajmljivanja produži izvan ugovorenog perioda, obračunaće se proporcionalni dodatak kirije.	period	0	0
Some of them were and are in constant danger due to political repression and persecution.	Neki od njih su bili i još uvek su u konstantnoj opasnosti zbog političke represije i progona.	political	0	0
Each player did his best.	Оба играча су дала све од себе.	player	0	0
Tom keeps secrets.	Tom čuva tajne.	secrets	0	0
History does repeat itself.	Историја се понавља.	repeat	0	0
Show me the photos!	Pokaži mi fotke!	photos	0	0
Tom finds fault with everything.	Том налази мане у свему.	finds	0	0
This statement is ludicrous.	Ова изјава је апсурдна.	statement	0	0
Unicorns suck.	Једнорози су срање.	suck	0	0
I wanted a younger brother.	Хтео сам млађег брата.	younger	0	0
He wrote a book in China.	Napisao je knjigu u Kini.	china	0	0
"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."	"Mislim da je završenstvo ružno", rekao je. "Negde u stvarima koje ljudi prave želim da vidim ožiljke, neuspeh, nered, distorziju."	humans	0	0
Delicious.	Укусно.	delicious	0	0
Is there something in particular that you want to learn?	Желиш ли да научиш нешто одређено?	particular	0	0
In case of collision, the vehicle which has maintained the proper side of the roadway has the advantage in case of legal controversy.	У случају судара, возило које се правилно држало своје стран пута има предност у случају легалних контроверзија.	proper	0	0
I'm in Rome.	Ја сам у Риму.	rome	0	0
I wonder who this sentence belongs to.	Pitam se čija je ovo rečenica.	belongs	0	0
A dog attacked Tom.	Пас је напао Тома.	attacked	0	0
I didn't take a bath yesterday.	Јуче се нисам купао.	bath	0	0
Tom hired a private detective to follow Mary.	Том је унајмио приватног детектива да прати Мери.	hired	0	0
Who cares what the site looks like on Internet Explorer.	Кога брига како сајт изгледа на Интернет Експлореру.	site	0	0
Knowledge is power.	Знање је моћ.	knowledge	0	0
Tom led his horse out of the stable.	Том изведе коња из штале.	led	0	0
We were the only guests.	Bili smo jedini gosti.	guests	0	0
It was fun to celebrate together.	Bilo je zabavno proslavljati zajedno.	celebrate	0	0
I faxed a map to Tom.	Poslala sam mapu Tomu faksom.	map	0	0
I beeped the horn.	Свирнуо сам сиреном.	horn	0	0
Our fossil-fuel based industrial civilization will eventually collapse.	Civilizacija zasnovana na fosilnim gorivima će se na kraju neminovno srušiti.	eventually	0	0
What a pity!	Баш штета!	pity	0	0
During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	powers	0	0
I'm ashamed to be your father.	Срамота ме је што сам ти отац.	ashamed	0	0
I assume Tom told Mary.	Pretpostavljam da je Tom rekao Meri.	assume	0	0
I need new glasses.	Trebaju mi nove naočare.	glasses	0	0
Rise and shine.	Буђење.	rise	0	0
I should be able to get that fixed soon.	Требало би да могу ускоро то да поправим.	fixed	0	0
Thanks for accepting my friend request on Facebook.	Хвала што си прихватио мој захтев за пријатеља на Фејсбуку.	request	0	0
Tom has gained a few pounds.	Том је набацио пар кила.	pounds	0	0
Is this data reliable?	Да ли су овим подаци поуздани?	data	0	0
I listened carefully to Tom.	Пажљиво сам слушала Тома.	carefully	0	0
Tom knows that more than 91 per cent of the Norwegian population is supplied with potable water from surface water sources.	Tom zna da se više od 91 odsto Norveškog stanovništva snadbeva pijaćom vodom iz površinskih izvora.	per	0	0
Your way of looking at something depends on your situation.	Tvoj način gledanja na nešto zavisi od tvoje situacije.	depends	0	0
The jury found the man guilty of murder.	Sudija je osudio čoveka krivim za ubistvo.	jury	0	0
Who waited?	Ко је чекао?	waited	0	0
I'm positive.	Pozitivna sam.	positive	0	0
Does Tom have an attorney?	Da li Tom ima advokata?	attorney	0	0
I didn't know which direction Tom would be coming from.	Нисам знао из ког правца ће доћи Том.	direction	0	0
The room didn't look very good after Tom painted it, because he didn't even bother to wash the walls or ceiling first.	Соба није изгледала нарочито добро након што ју је Том окречио, јер прво није ни почистио зидове и плафон.	walls	0	0
Why do you consider it useless?	Зашто мислиш да је то бескорисно?	useless	0	0
The City Council voted to grant one million for the preliminary engineering work on the new theater in Bergen.	Gradsko veće je izglasalo da izdvoji jedan milion za preliminarne inžinjerske radove na novom pozorištu u Bergenu.	grant	0	0
Tom has been saving up money so he can go to Boston.	Tom štedi novac da bi mogao da ide u Boston.	saving	0	0
That boy speaks as if he were an adult.	Taj dečak priča kao da je odrasla osoba.	speaks	0	0
The kids fought with each other, so the parents had to intervene.	Deca su bila nasrnula jedna na drugo, tako da su roditelji morali da se umešaju.	fought	0	0
We had a nice meal.	Лепо смо јели.	meal	0	0
The Anonymous is still able to deliver.	Anonimus još uvek isporučuje.	deliver	0	0
You're asking me questions you already know the answers to.	Pitate me pitanja na koja već znate odgovore.	answers	0	0
Everything's changing.	Sve se menja.	changing	0	0
Destroy this temple.	Уништи овај храм.	temple	0	0
It's scary.	Strašno je.	scary	0	0
The payment for labor and return on invested capital was several millions.	Iznos za obavljeni posao i interes na uloženi kapital su bili nekoliko milona.	millions	0	0
Tom offered to cut the grass for me.	Том се понудио да ми покоси траву.	offered	0	0
We talk on the phone on a regular basis.	Редовно причамо телефоном.	regular	0	0
I was only carrying out orders.	Само сам извршавао наређења.	carrying	0	0
It's official business.	U pitanju je zvaničan posao.	official	0	0
Tom wore a white jacket.	Tom je nosio belu jaknu.	jacket	0	0
Could you switch the light on, please?	Можете ли да укључите светло, молим вас?	switch	0	0
He's got one foot in the grave.	Jednom nogom je u grobu	grave	0	0
If you chase two rabbits, you get neither.	Ако јуриш два зеца, не добијеш ни једног.	chase	0	0
He plays the role of Macbeth with great skill.	Он мајсторски игра улогу Магбета.	role	0	0
I thought that it sounded so odd.	Помислио сам како је звучало много чудно.	odd	0	0
He's sexy.	Секси је.	sexy	0	0
Daddy, let's make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest.	Тата, хајде да се кревељимо један према другом и да видимо ко најдуже може да издржи да се не насмеје.	faces	0	0
The older we grow, the poorer our memory becomes.	Што смо старији, то нас сећање слабије служи.	becomes	0	0
Damn, can you imagine how badly they smelled?	Prokeltstvo, možeš li da zamisliš koliko su smrdeli?	badly	0	0
Mary is tall.	Мери је висока.	tall	0	0
It confused me at first.	Прво ме је збунило.	confused	0	0
I watch television.	Гледам телевизију.	television	0	0
What a shock!	Kakav šok!	shock	0	0
I wasn't raised like that.	Nisam odrastao tako.	raised	0	0
Who ordered this pizza?	Ко је наручио ову пицу?	pizza	0	0
A golden key opens all doors.	Златни кључ све отвара.	golden	0	0
There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	patients	0	0
The coach watched the team practice harder.	Тренер је гледао тим како напорније вежба.	watched	0	0
Is it true that Tom committed suicide?	Da li je tačno da je Tom izvršio samoubistvo?	committed	0	0
I hope Tom didn't suffer for long.	Nadam se da Tom nije trpio za dugo.	suffer	0	0
Wherever you say.	Како год ви кажете.	wherever	0	0
A small plate is missing.	Недостаје тањирић.	plate	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	appear	0	0
Tom eats chocolate almost every day.	Tom jede čokoladu skoro svaki dan.	chocolate	0	0
Tom is a very clever boy.	Tom je veoma pametan dečak.	clever	0	0
I need some shots before I go on my trip.	Требају ми неке вакцине пре него што одем на путовање.	shots	0	0
I've been dealing with this for months.	Носим се с овим већ месецима.	dealing	0	0
How do you know it's not a trap?	Како знаш да није замка?	trap	0	0
Tom wants to press charges.	Том хоће да тужи.	charges	0	0
Mary has decided to poison him.	Marija je odlučila da ga otruje.	poison	0	0
Get your butt over here!	Dovlači se ovamo!	butt	0	0
We drove for miles.	Vozili smo miljama.	drove	0	0
Behave yourselves!	Понашајте се!	yourselves	0	0
I left the store and headed home.	Напустила сам продавницу и запутила се кући.	headed	0	0
Which fruit is yellow?	Које воће је жуто?	yellow	0	0
Yuck, there's a hair floating in the soup.	Бљак, длака плива у супи.	soup	0	0
Tom was picking flowers.	Том је брао цвеће.	picking	0	0
Tom sat opposite Mary.	Том је сео наспрам Марије.	sat	0	0
Tom wound the clock.	Том је навио сат.	wound	0	0
There's a lot of traffic on the freeway.	Ima mnogo saobraćaja na auto-putu.	traffic	0	0
Tom didn't have the courage to do what he wanted to do.	Tom nije imao hrabrosti da uradi ono što želi.	courage	0	0
Is the handsome man an Arab or an Indian?	Da li je zgodan muškarac Arap ili Hindi?	indian	0	0
The program sets the terms for project development and implementation.	Program postavlja uslove za razvoj i implementaciju projekata.	terms	0	0
When will the Italian classes start?	Када ће кренути часови италијанског језика?	italian	0	0
Emma was much in evidence during the party.	Ema je bila veoma upadljiva na zabavi.	emma	0	0
I did do some checking.	Jesam proverio neke stvari.	checking	0	0
A gluten-free diet is the most effective treatment for coeliac disease.	Безглутенска дијета је најефикаснији третман за целијакију.	disease	0	0
Tom managed to escape just in time.	Tom je uspeo da pobegne taman na vreme.	managed	0	0
The winner of the race was a retired US serviceman.	Pobednik trke je bilo penzionisano američko vojno lice.	winner	0	0
The City Council voted to grant one million for the preliminary engineering work on the new theater in Bergen.	Gradsko veće je izglasalo da izdvoji jedan milion za preliminarne inžinjerske radove na novom pozorištu u Bergenu.	council	0	0
I have an appointment tonight.	Večeras imam zakazan sastanak.	appointment	0	0
I think that Tom will probably be home on Monday.	Мислим да ће Том верватно бити кући у понедељак.	monday	0	0
That's a tough nut to crack!	Тврд је он орах!	crack	0	0
His loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one.	Njegov gubitak pamćenja je više psihički nego fizički problem.	physical	0	0
Wind is a cheap and clean source of energy.	Ветар је јефтин и чист извор енергије.	source	0	0
I chose between two options.	Bira sam između dve mogućnosti.	chose	0	0
They look healthy.	Изгледају здраво.	healthy	0	0
Nine pounds of gold was needed to gild the victory medals.	Bilo je potrebno četiri kilograma zlata da se pozlate pobedničke medalje.	victory	0	0
"Do you have a nickname?" "Yes, it's Rick."	"Да ли имаш надимак?" "Да, Рик."	rick	0	0
Who stood?	Ко је стајао?	stood	0	0
He kicked it.	Шутнуо га је.	kicked	0	0
That's so disgusting.	Одвратно је.	disgusting	0	0
The temperature is below zero today, too.	I danas je temepratura ispod nule.	below	0	0
The best time to go shopping is between three o'clock and five o'clock.	Најбоље време за куповину је између три и пет сати.	shopping	0	0
Tom says there is a haunted house in his neighborhood.	Том каже да се у комшилуку налази уклета кућа.	neighborhood	0	0
Do you want to see the total solar eclipse that will leave Svalbard in the dark on March 20, 2015?	Da li želiš da vidiš totalno pomračenje Sunca koje će ostaviti Svalbard u mraku 20. Marta 2015.?	march	0	0
Mary puckered her lips, expecting a kiss, but nothing happened. When she opened her eyes, Tom had gone.	Мери напући усне, очекујући пољубац, али се ништа не догоди. Када је отворила очи, Тома не беше ту.	lips	0	0
It's almost midnight here.	Овде је скоро поноћ.	midnight	0	0
We have the advantage.	У предности смо.	advantage	0	0
Only oil of the best quality and pure graphite should be used.	Треба користити само уље најбољег квалитета и чист графит.	pure	0	0
India is the seventh largest country in the world.	Indija je sedma zemlja na svetu po veličini.	india	0	0
Step aside.	Napravite mesto.	aside	0	0
You're a jerk.	Ти си кретен.	jerk	0	0
I get a lot of mail.	Добијам много поште.	mail	0	0
Morning is not at dawn, but at the moment when you wake up.	Није јутро кад сване, већ кад устанеш.	dawn	0	0
The storm had a serious effect on the economy.	Oluja je imala ozbiljan uticaj na ekonomiju.	effect	0	0
Can you spell your name for me?	Možeš li da mi speluješ svoje ime?	spell	0	0
Wood burns easily.	Дрво гори лако.	wood	0	0
I'm still awake.	Još uvek sam budan.	awake	0	0
Enjoy your vacation.	Уживај у одмору.	vacation	0	0
I don't condone violence.	Не опраштам насиље.	violence	0	0
Tom is in his room, writing a letter to his grandmother.	Tom je u sobi, piše pismo baki.	grandmother	0	0
The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	modern	0	0
The firm went under due to lack of capital.	Firma je propala zbog nedostatka kapitala.	firm	0	0
She is the Prime Minister of Finland.	Она је премијерка Финске.	prime	0	0
I'm touched.	Dirnut sam.	touched	0	0
Tom lacks musical talent.	Том нема талента за музику.	talent	0	0
I used to play piano long ago, so I can still play a little.	Davno sam svirao klavir, tako da još uvek umem pomalo.	piano	0	0
I doubt it'll be very hard for you to get your driver's license.	Sumnjam da će ti biti teško da dobiješ vozačku dozvolu.	license	0	0
I like Tom's cooking.	Волим Томова јела.	cooking	0	0
That doesn't concern us.	То нас се не тиче.	concern	0	0
Nice moves!	Добри потези!	moves	0	0
There was a list of available candidates.	Postojala je lista dostupnih kandidata.	available	0	0
Tony did not want to work in a shop or a factory.	Toni nije hteo da radi u radnji ili fabrici.	factory	0	0
Gods exist.	Богови постоје.	gods	0	0
Mary knows that her main weapons, a beautiful face and a young body, are of transient value.	Marija zna da je njeno glavno oružje, predivno lice i mlado telo, prolazne vrednosti.	value	0	0
Union members will vote today on whether to take industrial action.	Članovi Unije će danas glasati da li da sprovedu industrijske mere.	union	0	0
I have a full-length mirror in my bedroom.	U spavaćoj sobi imam ogledalo od poda do plafona.	mirror	0	0
Tom took a taxi to the hospital.	Tom je uhvatio taksi do bolnice.	taxi	0	0
Everyone dies.	Сви умиру.	dies	0	0
Tom soldered the wires with his soldering iron.	То је залемио жице својом лемилицом.	iron	0	0
Tom will forever be in our hearts.	Том ће заувек бити у нашим срцима.	hearts	0	0
Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	Човек има много жеља које заправо ни не жели да се остваре, и било би погрешно претпоставити супротно.Он жели да оне остану само жеље; оне имају вредност само у његовој машти; њихово остваривање било би за њега горко разочарење.Таква једна жеља је и жеља за вечним животом. Да је била испуњена, човек би постао потпуно болестан од бесконачног живота, и желео би смрт.	desire	0	0
They sang Hawaiian songs.	Pevali su havajske pesme.	songs	0	0
The monkey got away.	Мајмун је побегао.	monkey	0	0
Swallow your pride!	Progutaj ponos!	pride	0	0
Have you ever tried taking sleeping pills?	Да ли си икад пробао да узмеш таблете за спавање?	pills	0	0
I don't swim.	Не пливам.	swim	0	0
Many houses burned down.	Mnogo kuća je izgorelo.	burned	0	0
It smells delicious.	Мирише укусно.	smells	0	0
I'm joking.	Šalim se.	joking	0	0
Is Tom a Christian?	Да ли је Том хришћанин?	christian	0	0
I'm bleeding.	Krvarim.	bleeding	0	0
Have you stopped beating your wife?	Да ли си престао да тучеш жену?	beating	0	0
To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.	Da bi se obezbedila efikasna zaštita motora i podmazivanje pod svim uslovima rada, koristite samo najbolje motorno ulje.	protection	0	0
The treatment is going successfully.	Третман се одвија успешно.	treatment	0	0
You've got a good ear for music.	Имате добар слух за музику.	ear	0	0
Metal can be bent, twisted, cut, pressed, elongated, sawed, stretched, and melted into any shape desired.	Метал се може савити, уврнути, пресећи, утиснути, издужити, брусити, раширити и отопити у било који облик.	metal	0	0
Disappear!	Нестаните!	disappear	0	0
I'm so grateful for you.	Veoma sam ti zahvalan.	grateful	0	0
Everything is extremely simple.	Sve je veoma jednostavno.	extremely	0	0
One person’s trash is another person’s treasure.	Nečije smeće je za nekog blago.	treasure	0	0
I'm coming to your rescue!	Долазим да те спасем!	rescue	0	0
I believe that Tom wouldn't be capable of doing such a thing.	Не верујем да би Том био способан да уради тако нешто.	capable	0	0
A passing car splashed Tom with water.	Аутомобил који је прошао је пљуснуо Тома.	passing	0	0
"The Scots say no to a separation from Great Britain." This is the result of a poll from the voting day.	"Škoti su rekli ne odvajunju od Velike Britanije." - Ovo je rezultat ankete na dan izbora.	result	0	0
Lust creates suffering.	Пожуда ствара патњу.	suffering	0	0
Both of my sisters are teachers.	Obe moje sestre su učiteljice.	sisters	0	0
He laid his head on the pillow.	Položio je glavu na jastuk.	laid	0	0
I became friends with the guards.	Спријатељио сам се са стражарима.	guards	0	0
I didn't respond to Tom's text right away.	Нисам одмах одговорио Тому на поруку.	text	0	0
She translated the text literally.	Prevela je tekst bukvalno.	literally	0	0
I am going to remove the appendix.	Ja ću ukloniti dodatak.	remove	0	0
She dreamed of becoming a nurse.	Maštala je da postane medicinska sestra.	becoming	0	0
A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.	Manjak sna je uticao na pevačev učinak.	performance	0	0
What doesn't kill you will make you stronger.	Što te ne ubije, čini te jačim.	stronger	0	0
The quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.	Тромесечни раст од 1,2% значи годишњи раст од 4,9%.	rate	0	0
Their friendship moved us deeply.	Њихово пријатељство нас је дубоко гануло.	deeply	0	0
Scream.	Вичи.	scream	0	0
After five hours on the hot sand, he began to see something on the horizon that looked like a desert mirage.	Posle pet sati na vrućem pesku, on je na horizontu ugledao nešto što je izgledalo kao pustinjska fatamorgana.	desert	0	0
In case of collision, the vehicle which has maintained the proper side of the roadway has the advantage in case of legal controversy.	У случају судара, возило које се правилно држало своје стран пута има предност у случају легалних контроверзија.	vehicle	0	0
I know it's illegal.	Znam da je ilegalno.	illegal	0	0
I'm only pulling your leg.	Samo te zezam.	pulling	0	0
Tom taught John to swim by throwing him in the water.	Том је Џона научио да плива тако што га је бацио у воду.	throwing	0	0
Unbelievable!	Neverovatno!	unbelievable	0	0
Today, too, the temperature is below zero.	I danas je temperatura ispod nule.	zero	0	0
I was curious to see what was inside.	Занимало ме је шта је унутра.	curious	0	0
In general, children are fond of candy.	Генерално, деца воле слаткише.	candy	0	0
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right thigh bone in a bicycling accident Sunday in France.	Sekretar Sjedinjenih država Džon Keri polomio je desnu butnu kost u biciklističkoj nezgodi u nedelju u Francuskoj.	bone	0	0
Tom tied his shoes.	Tom je zavezao cipele.	tied	0	0
I have a load of work to do before I can go home.	Ima puno posla koji treba da obavim pre nego što mogu da krenem kući.	load	0	0
We are going to the mountains.	Idemo u planine.	mountains	0	0
It's a holiday.	Одмор је.	holiday	0	0
I like riding buses.	Волим да се возим аутобусима.	riding	0	0
Tom has written hundreds of articles and several books.	Tom je napisao nekoliko stotina članaka i nekoliko knjiga.	hundreds	0	0
I want to sue Tom.	Хоћу да тужим Тома.	sue	0	0
Are those your bags?	Da li su ovo vaše torbe?	bags	0	0
Tom found out Mary was stealing from the cash register.	Том је сазнао да је Мери крала из касе.	stealing	0	0
It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.	Izgleda da je žrtva pokušala da napiše ime ubice sopstvenom krvlju.	appears	0	0
I will contact you as soon as I arrive.	Kontaktiraću te čim stignem.	arrive	0	0
It remains to be seen if I can get there in time.	Ostaje da se vidi da li ću moći da stignem tamo na vreme.	remains	0	0
I know that Tom is a fairly decent golfer.	Знам да је Том прилично добар у голфу.	decent	0	0
I gave the waiter a good tip.	Дајем конобару добар бакшиш.	tip	0	0
I'm afraid that Tom will fail.	Плашим се да ће Том пасти.	fail	0	0
Tom picked Mary up the same way a man carries his new bride across the threshold and gave her a kiss on the cheek.	Том је подигао Мери на исти начин на који мушкарац преноси своју младу преко прага и пољубио је у образ.	bride	0	0
I pissed him off.	Изнервирао сам га.	pissed	0	0
Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	claim	0	0
Their friendship gradually turned into love.	Prijateljstvo im se postepeno pretvorilo u ljubav.	friendship	0	0
Tom is desperate for attention.	Том очајнички тражи пажњу.	desperate	0	0
Mary told Tom that she was going to the garden to plant a flower.	Мери је рекла Тому да иде у башту да посади цвет.	flower	0	0
So dramatic!	Како драматично!	dramatic	0	0
The majority of people refuse it.	Већина људи одбија то.	refuse	0	0
Before this decision takes effect, nobody will lift a finger in order to solve this.	Pre nego što ova odluka stupi na snagu, niko neće ni prstom da mrdne da ovo reši.	solve	0	0
Children need loving.	Деци треба љубав.	loving	0	0
There's more than enough food on the planet for everyone, but our economic system prevents us from properly distributing it.	Има више него довољно хране на плати за све људе, али наш економски систем нас спречава да је ваљано дистрибуирамо.	properly	0	0
Princess Mary was captured by the powerful dragon named Tom.	Princeza Marija je bila zarobljena od moćnog zmaja koji se zove Tom.	dragon	0	0
The surface temperature of the sun is around 6000°C.	Temperatura površine sunce je oko 6000°C.	surface	0	0
It was a false alarm.	To je bila lažna uzbuna.	false	0	0
Bill is my junior by two years.	Бил је две године млађи од мене.	junior	0	0
Hunting season is over.	Sezona lova je završena.	hunting	0	0
Why were you silent all the time?	Зашто си све време ћутао?	silent	0	0
Thou speakest.	Збориш.	thou	0	0
I'm going to fry an egg for myself. I can fry you one, too.	Испржићу себи јаје. Могу и теби.	egg	0	0
Trier is the oldest city in Germany.	Trier je najstariji grad u Nemačkoj.	germany	0	0
He's making the kind of face you want to punch.	Pravi takvu grimasu da poželiš da ga udariš.	punch	0	0
In Africa there are many lions.	U Africi ima puno lavova.	africa	0	0
When I woke up this morning, I felt a little ill.	Kada sam se jutros probudio, osetio sam blagu mučninu.	woke	0	0
One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.	Jedan je senator nazvao predsednika druge zemlje, oficirem stare obaveštajne službe koji bi želeo da povrati staru imperiju te zemlje.	intelligence	0	0
I often borrow books from Tom.	Често позајмљујем књиге од Тома.	borrow	0	0
Tom is used to winning.	Tom je naviknut na pobeđivanje.	winning	0	0
Is it popular?	Је ли популарно?	popular	0	0
Tom escaped.	Том побеже.	escaped	0	0
The witch turned the boy into a frog.	Вештица је дечака претворила у жабу.	witch	0	0
I'm convinced that Tom was the one who did that.	Убеђен сам да је Том тај који је урадио то.	convinced	0	0
Warn Tom.	Упозори Тома.	warn	0	0
Champagne, please.	Шампањца, молим.	champagne	0	0
Dust the shelves.	Обриши прашину с полица.	dust	0	0
Maybe someday you'll understand.	Можда ћете једног дана разумети.	someday	0	0
She has fallen in love with me.	Заљубила се у мене.	fallen	0	0
A stranger is standing in front of the house.	Неко непознат је испред куће.	stranger	0	0
Police intervened, firing tear gas to disperse the crowds.	Полиција је интервенисала, испаљујући сузавац да би растурила масу.	tear	0	0
Usually I don't buy anything on the Internet.	Obično ne kupujem ništa sa interneta.	internet	0	0
Therefore?	И због тога?	therefore	0	0
Technology must be used for good, not evil.	Технологија мора да се користи за добро, не за зло.	technology	0	0
Look at my tires.	Погледај ми гуме.	tires	0	0
I usually only eat a piece of toast and drink a cup of coffee for breakfast.	Обично поједем само парче хлеба и попијем шољу кафе за доручак.	toast	0	0
Tom is wise enough not to do such a thing.	Tom je dovoljno mudar da ne uradi nešto tako.	wise	0	0
Are Americans really so individualistic?	Jesu li Amerikanci zaista tako individualni?	americans	0	0
I compared notes with Tom.	Разменио сам мишљења са Томом.	notes	0	0
Stop smoking.	Prestani da pušiš.	smoking	0	0
I think it's a wolf.	Мислим да је вук.	wolf	0	0
Some people behave as if the sentences they create are the most precious things they have.	Neki se ponašaju kao da su rečenice koje oni naprave nešto najdragocenije što imaju.	precious	0	0
My children don't have their own rooms.	Moja deca nemaju svoje lične sobe.	rooms	0	0
The Humboldt current is a cold ocean current that flows north along the west coast of South America.	Struja Hambolt je hladna okeanska struja koja struji duž zapadne obale Južne Amerike.	coast	0	0
Slaves were treated like animals.	Према робовима су се понашали као према животињама.	treated	0	0
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.	Свако има право на заштиту моралних и материјалних интереса који проистичу из било ког научног, књижевног или уметничког дела чији је он творац.	material	0	0
The girl released the birds from the cage.	Девојка је пустила птице из кавеза.	released	0	0
They hated Tom.	Они су мрзели Тома.	hated	0	0
Many factors need to be considered.	Много утицаја мора да се узме у обзир.	considered	0	0
I'm going to use rice for my collage.	Uzeću pirinač za svoj kolaž.	rice	0	0
Can I exchange this?	Могу ли да заменим ово?	exchange	0	0
Let me write down the steps for you.	Daj da ti napišem korake.	steps	0	0
Tom said he didn't think he'd ever be able to convince Mary to go out with him.	Том је рекао да није мислио да ће икад успети да наговори Мери да изађе са њим.	convince	0	0
The beast is alive, awake and hungry.	Zver je živa, budna i gladna.	beast	0	0
My dad bought a cow.	Тата је купио краву.	cow	0	0
A cab is waiting.	Taksi čeka.	cab	0	0
Tom and I got together and hung out.	Том и ја смо се нашли и изблејали.	hung	0	0
We recommend that mains water have a water-quality test carried out once a year, well water twice a year.	Predlažemo da se kvalitet vode proverava jednom godišnje u cevima, dvaput u bunaru.	carried	0	0
I looked out the window and didn't see anything out of the ordinary.	Погледах кроз прозор и не видех ништа чудно.	ordinary	0	0
In a successful negotiation both parties usually win, and no one acts in a way that damages their own long-term interests, even though there is often a small margin that one can negotiate about.	U uspešnom pregovaranju obično pobeđuju obe strane, i niko se ne ponaša na način koji šteti sopstvenim dugoročnim interesima, iako često postoji mala margina oko čega se može pregovarati.	successful	0	0
Eve gave Adam the apple of knowledge.	Ева је дала Адаму јабуку знања.	eve	0	0
I know that I'll make mistakes.	Знам да ћу погрешити.	mistakes	0	0
It's an area with a lot of new houses.	To je oblast sa puno novih kuća.	houses	0	0
Quit chattering.	Доста ћаскања.	chattering	0	0
Tom's living proof that you don't have to have brains to be successful.	Том је живи доказ да не морате бити паметни да би били успешни.	brains	0	0
Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan.	Saporo je peti najveći grad u Japanu.	japan	0	0
On a separate sheet of paper, describe your best friend: age, where he or she lives, his or her job, etc.	На одвојеној страни папира,опишите вашег пријатеља: године,где она или он живи, његов или њен посао итд.	separate	0	0
I spent all morning cleaning my room.	Провео сам цело јутро чистећи собу.	cleaning	0	0
I'll buy this brown tie.	Купићу ову браон кравату.	ll	0	0
My shift ends at five.	Смена ми се завршава у пет.	shift	0	0
Tom drove from Boston to Chicago.	Том је возио од Бостона до Чикага.	chicago	0	0
Exact change, please.	Тачан кусур, молићу.	exact	0	0
He kicked the ball into the goal.	Он је шутнуо лопту у гол!	goal	0	0
We need an expert.	Треба нам стручњак.	expert	0	0
I served everyone food.	Послужио сам храну свима.	served	0	0
The path is direct.	Put je direktan.	direct	0	0
Tom got a better score than I did.	Том је добио више поена од мене.	score	0	0
I'll save you a seat in the front row.	Sačuvaću ti mesto u prvom redu.	row	0	0
The cigars cost two Marks.	Cigare koštaju dve Marke.	marks	0	0
He wrote this book at the age of twenty.	Написао је књигу са двадесет година.	twenty	0	0
How much will I receive?	Koliko ću dobiti?	receive	0	0
He has great ambitions, but we should all follow the series and see if the dreams will be fulfilled.	On ima velike ambicije, ali svi treba da pratimo i vidimo da li će se ti snovi ispuniti.	series	0	0
I'll speak to the section manager about that.	Разговараћу са управником одељка у вези с тим.	section	0	0
Little as we know about her origins, we can at least be sure that she is a pilot of Evangelion.	Koliko god malo znamo o njenom poreklu, bar možemo biti sigurni da je pilot Evangeliona.	pilot	0	0
Tom Jackson is an extremely dangerous criminal.	Том Џексон је изузетно опасан криминалац.	jackson	0	0
Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	darkness	0	0
Tom's house is for sale.	Tomova kuća je na prodaju.	sale	0	0
It is our destiny.	То нам је судбина.	destiny	0	0
I've never spoken with Tom.	Никад нисам причала са Томом.	spoken	0	0
The enemy was armed to the teeth.	Непријатељ је био наоружан до зуба.	armed	0	0
It is rare for him to get angry.	Retko se ljuti.	rare	0	0
Do you want fruit juice?	Хоћеш ли воћни ђус?	juice	0	0
He is a man of wide experience.	On je čovek s velikim iskustvom.	wide	0	0
I'm looking for a simpler solution.	Тражим једноставније решење.	solution	0	0
I'm the one who makes the schedule.	Ја сам тај који прави распоред.	schedule	0	0
It was a big explosion.	To je bila velika eksplozija.	explosion	0	0
When choosing a wheel, you should know what you want and why you want it.	Када бирате точак, треба да знате шта желите и зашто то желите.	wheel	0	0
Forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.	Zabranjeno voće je uvek najslađe!	fruit	0	0
Several trees blew down in our neighborhood during the storm.	Nekoliko stabala je palo za vreme oluje u našoj okolini.	blew	0	0
Tom is very good at imitating the way Mary talks.	Tom veoma dobro imitira način na koji Meri govori.	talks	0	0
In chess, there are situations where it pays off to sacrifice a piece to gain an advantage over the long term.	U šahu postoje situacije u kojima se isplati da se žrtvuje figura da se stekne prednost na dugi rok.	sacrifice	0	0
Today, the ship remained over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge - a mountain range located on the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 3 miles.	Danas je brod bio iznad Srednjeatlanskog Grebena - planinskog venca koji se nalazi na dnu okeana, na dubinama do 4500 metara.	range	0	0
Push that button.	Притисни то дугме.	button	0	0
I brought these reports for you to examine.	Doneo sam ove izveštaje da ih detaljnije pogledaš.	reports	0	0
Are you a prisoner?	Da li si zatvorenik?	prisoner	0	0
I baked an apple pie.	Ispekao sam pitu od jabuka.	pie	0	0
Nothing is achieved without effort.	Ништа се не постиже без труда.	effort	0	0
The flower pot was broken.	Саксија се сломила.	pot	0	0
Have you eaten anything?	Jesi li jela nešto?	eaten	0	0
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.	Могу да додирнем под длановима а да не савијем колена.	knees	0	0
My car is in the garage.	Moj automobil je u garazi.	garage	0	0
Tom knew that many of the cars in the parking lot belonged to students.	Том је знао да је много аутомобила на паркингу припадало ученицима.	parking	0	0
Call an ambulance.	Позови хитну.	ambulance	0	0
Tom stood in front of the mirror, staring at himself.	Том је стао испред огледала и гледао у себе.	staring	0	0
I've already given you a lot of chances to do that.	Пружио сам вам много прилика да урадите то.	chances	0	0
There has been progress.	Направили смо помак.	progress	0	0
That's an unusual one.	Kako je čudan.	unusual	0	0
I saw Tom coming up the stairs.	Видео сам Тома како се пење уз степенице.	stairs	0	0
I had a vision.	Imao sam viziju.	vision	0	0
I trapped Tom.	Разобила сам Тома.	trapped	0	0
Tom helps Mary.	Том помаже Мери.	helps	0	0
Why are you so quick to defend Tom?	Што одмах скачеш да браниш Тома?	defend	0	0
The ship disappeared without a trace.	Brod je nestao bez traga.	trace	0	0
He is nasty.	Грозан је.	nasty	0	0
I passed all my tests.	Položio sam sve testove.	tests	0	0
Why didn't you read the magazine?	Зашто ниси прочитао часопис?	magazine	0	0
Rocks get their color from minerals.	Стене добијају боју од минерала.	rocks	0	0
You're very rude.	Vrlo ste nepristojni.	rude	0	0
Keep searching.	Настави да тражиш.	searching	0	0
I don't have a clue.	Немам појма.	clue	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	connected	0	0
I pushed Tom back into his room.	Гурнуо сам тома назад у његову собу.	pushed	0	0
Merry Christmas!	Srećan Božić!	merry	0	0
Get out of your comfort zone.	Izađi iz svoje zone konfora.	zone	0	0
Tom is two years senior to me.	Tom je dve godine stariji od mene.	senior	0	0
I'm closing this operation down.	Гасим ову операцију.	closing	0	0
It may freeze next week.	Можда се замрзне следеће недеље.	freeze	0	0
Some areas are still closed after the incident.	Неке области су и даље затворене после незгоде.	incident	0	0
A snake bit me.	Ујела ме је змија.	snake	0	0
What is the language spoken in Mexico?	Koji jezik govore u Meksiku?	mexico	0	0
Who's your favorite actor or actress?	Ко ти је омиљени глумац или глумица?	actor	0	0
Tom used to write articles for the local newspaper.	Tom je ranije pisao članke za lokalne novine.	newspaper	0	0
What if I accidentally nail a sentence which is copyrighted?	Шта ако случајно набодем реченицу чија су права заштићена?	sentence	0	0
I tried to stay on friendly terms with Tom, but it was impossible.	Пробао сам да останем у пријатељским односима са Томом, али то је било немогуће.	friendly	0	0
I want to be chosen.	Хоћу да будем изабран.	chosen	0	0
Are Tom and Mary really engaged?	Jesu li Tom i Meri zaista venčani?	engaged	0	0
Julia sings.	Јулија пева.	julia	0	0
Tom is charming.	Том је шармантан.	charming	0	0
He banged the door in anger.	Udario je vrata iz besa.	anger	0	0
I don't mind spending money on books.	Не смета ми да трошим новац на књиге.	spending	0	0
Tom liked learning French.	Тому се свидело учење француског.	learning	0	0
Tom could be a spy.	Том би могао да буде шпијун.	spy	0	0
I have a sharp pain in the stomach.	Osećam oštar bol u stomaku.	sharp	0	0
Shadow Tom.	Прати Тома.	shadow	0	0
I pushed my way into the elevator.	Угурао сам се у лифт.	elevator	0	0
"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	kingdom	0	0
Ricky, this is my friend Suzuki.	Рики, ово је мој пријатељ Сузуки.	ricky	0	0
What does the doctor think is wrong with your shoulder?	Šta doktor misli da nije u redu sa tvojim ramenom?	shoulder	0	0
"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	highness	0	0
Tom is used to these kinds of situations.	Tom se navikao na ovakve situacije.	kinds	0	0
I got up early to go fishing.	Устао сам рано да бих отишао на пецање.	fishing	0	0
We will visit you sometime.	Posetićemo te nekad.	sometime	0	0
You have a bad attitude.	Imaš loš stav.	attitude	0	0
This sucks.	Ово је срање.	sucks	0	0
Sitting down all day and looking at a computer screen is bad for you.	Sedenje po ceo dan i gledanje u ekran računara je loše za tebe.	screen	0	0
In the future, many workers will be replaced by robots.	U budućnosti, mnogi radnici će biti zamenjeni robotima.	workers	0	0
I think Tom was bored.	Мислим да је Тому било досадно.	bored	0	0
I own three cameras.	Имам три фото-апарата.	cameras	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	similar	0	0
Neither Tom nor Mary has trouble understanding French.	Ни Том ни Мери немају проблема са разумевањем француског.	understanding	0	0
You should chain the dog up, so he won't bite anyone.	Trebalo bi da vežeš psa lancem da ne bi ugrizao nekog.	chain	0	0
It's a bull.	Бик је.	bull	0	0
After three years of work by volunteers, the system has been fully repaired.	На систему је завршена поправка после три године волонтерског рада.	fully	0	0
Does he collect butterflies?	Да ли он скупља лептире?	collect	0	0
I think the picture is gorgeous.	Мислим да је ова слика прекрасна.	gorgeous	0	0
It can hardly be a matter of passion. Perhaps it's just about sex.	To teško može da bude u vezi strasti, možda je samo seks u pitanju.	passion	0	0
Tom isn't a good writer.	Tom nije dobar pisac.	writer	0	0
Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	empire	0	0
Happy International Women's Day!	Срећан Међународни Дан Жена!	international	0	0
I wanted to hire Tom.	Хтео сам да упослим Тома.	hire	0	0
Bastards!	Копилад!	bastards	0	0
He leads a hectic life.	On vodi buran život.	leads	0	0
Tom pulled out some ID.	Tom je izvadio neki identifikacioni dokument.	id	0	0
Tom knows where the wind blows from.	Том зна одакле ветар дува.	blows	0	0
We have two sons.	Imamo dva sina.	sons	0	0
Tom got fired because he was rude to customers.	Том је добио отказ јер је био нељубазан према муштеријама.	customers	0	0
The telephone is one wonderful device.	Телефон је једна чудесна направа.	device	0	0
Hug Tom.	Загрлите Тома.	hug	0	0
Did Tom like your design?	Да ли се Тому допао твој дизајн?	design	0	0
Lightning precedes thunder.	Муња претходи грому.	thunder	0	0
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	object	0	0
Where did you get the idea that you're a loser?	Одакле ти идеја да си губитник?	loser	0	0
Don't forget to return my pen.	Ne zaboravi da mi vratiš olovku.	pen	0	0
You can't talk about politics here.	Ne možeš da ovde raspravljaš o politici.	politics	0	0
During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	despite	0	0
Medication and alcohol often don't mix.	Lekove uglavnom ne treba mešati sa alkoholom.	alcohol	0	0
Climb!	Попни се!	climb	0	0
I have clients to see.	Имам клијенте са којима морам да се видим.	clients	0	0
The conference was not a complete success.	Конференција није баш била успешна.	conference	0	0
The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	provide	0	0
We seek happiness.	Тражимо срећу.	seek	0	0
I don't earn very much.	Не зарађујем много.	earn	0	0
One person’s trash is another person’s treasure.	Nečije smeće je za nekog blago.	trash	0	0
The valley is getting narrow.	Долина се сужава.	valley	0	0
Mini-skirts are back in fashion again.	Mini suknje su ponovo moderne.	fashion	0	0
I loved that episode.	Свидела ми се та епизода.	episode	0	0
You deserve the prize.	Заслужујеш награду.	prize	0	0
I carried out an analysis that showed that much more money would be needed than they had previously anticipated.	Sproveo sam analizu koja je pokazala da bi bilo potrebno mnogo više novca nego što su ranije očekivali.	previously	0	0
Tom loves sports.	Tom voli sportove.	sports	0	0
I've been wanting to tell you this for a long time.	Већ дуго хоћу ово да ти кажем.	wanting	0	0
I have a debt to pay.	Moram da otplatim dug.	debt	0	0
He wishes to erase bad memories.	On želi da se otarasi bolnih sećanja.	wishes	0	0
Don't confuse me with Hitler.	Nemoj me pobrkati sa Hitlerom.	hitler	0	0
Cut the red wire.	Preseci crvenu žicu.	wire	0	0
Draw a circle on the floor.	Нацртај круг на поду.	circle	0	0
I'm afraid we're out of stock.	Bojim se da to nemamo na stanju.	stock	0	0
Face facts!	Суочи се са чињеницама!	facts	0	0
I remembered everybody.	Сетио сам се свих.	remembered	0	0
I'm not a hundred percent certain.	Nisam sto po sto siguran.	percent	0	0
Normally I'm punctual.	Обично сам тачан.	normally	0	0
I'm on your tail.	За петама сам ти.	tail	0	0
Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	education	0	0
Bravo!	Браво!	bravo	0	0
I need to go to the library tomorrow.	Треба да идем у библиотеку сутра.	library	0	0
I feel as if I've been thrown into oblivion.	Osećam se kao da sam bačen u veliko ništavilo.	thrown	0	0
Who can't be proud of being Serbian, part of a group whose greatest historical achievements have been slaughtering authority figures and genocides?	Ko ne može biti ponosan što je Srbin, sa njihovim istorijskim najvišljim dostignućima - pokoljem poglavara i genocidima?	authority	0	0
The goal is not to affect current oil production, but to obscure that country's energy future.	Cilj nije da se utiče na trenutnu proizvodnju nafte, već da se zamrači energetska budućnost te zemlje.	current	0	0
"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."	"Mislim da je završenstvo ružno", rekao je. "Negde u stvarima koje ljudi prave želim da vidim ožiljke, neuspeh, nered, distorziju."	failure	0	0
She was almost knocked down by a car.	Замало да је ударе кола.	knocked	0	0
He is studying hard.	On marljivo uči.	studying	0	0
I work in a travel agency.	Radim za putnu agenciju.	agency	0	0
Eve gave Adam the apple of knowledge.	Ева је дала Адаму јабуку знања.	apple	0	0
The Haskell Free Library and Opera House was built on the border between Canada and the United States.	Besplatna biblioteka Haskel i Opera haus sagrađeni su na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	border	0	0
Hold the rope.	Држи канап.	rope	0	0
Duck!	Сагни се!	duck	0	0
He has a good reputation.	On ima dobar ugled.	reputation	0	0
I have complete confidence in you.	Имам потпуно поверење у тебе.	confidence	0	0
My neighbor's dog often comes into our yard.	Комшијин пас често долази у наше двориште.	yard	0	0
I restrained myself from commenting on my beloved friend this time.	Ovaj sam se put suzdržao od komentarisanja mog voljenog prijatelja.	beloved	0	0
We lack nothing.	Ништа нам не недостаје.	lack	0	0
The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.	Najveći izazov sa kojim će se projekat suočiti jeste dostupnost radnika sa sposobnostima koje su potrebne da bi projekat doživeo procvat.	skills	0	0
I haven't seen any of his films.	Нисам гледао ниједан његов филм.	films	0	0
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	mental	0	0
Pass me the salt, please.	Molim te, dodaj mi so.	salt	0	0
He is a man of flesh and blood with all his flaws.	On je čovek od krvi i mesa sa svim svojim manama.	flesh	0	0
Modern, rational, logical and unprejudiced science has already given us far more secure knowledge and immeasurably more than any religion has ever given us.	Moderna, racionalna, logična i nepristrasna nauka nam je već dala daleko sigurnija saznanja i nemerljivo više nego što nam je bilo koja religija ikada dala.	secure	0	0
I'd highly recommend doing that right away.	Топло бих ти препоручио да урадиш то одмах.	highly	0	0
After five hours on the hot sand, he began to see something on the horizon that looked like a desert mirage.	Posle pet sati na vrućem pesku, on je na horizontu ugledao nešto što je izgledalo kao pustinjska fatamorgana.	sand	0	0
Let's not get emotional.	Hajde da ne budemo emotivni.	emotional	0	0
One way scientists are following the spread of the brown marmorated stink bug is by setting traps.	Za Alžirijo je gas strateška dobrina.	setting	0	0
One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.	Jedan je senator nazvao predsednika druge zemlje, oficirem stare obaveštajne službe koji bi želeo da povrati staru imperiju te zemlje.	senator	0	0
Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes.	Škole i putevi su usluge koje se plaćaju porezom.	services	0	0
I don't think Tom had anything to do with the bank robbery.	Мислим да Том није имао ништа са пљачком банке.	robbery	0	0
He hates spiders.	Он презире пауке.	hates	0	0
I'm fed up with all your nonsense.	Доста ми је својих бесмислица.	fed	0	0
The City Council voted to grant one million for the preliminary engineering work on the new theater in Bergen.	Gradsko veće je izglasalo da izdvoji jedan milion za preliminarne inžinjerske radove na novom pozorištu u Bergenu.	theater	0	0
Blues singer and guitarist Robert Johnson would have been 100 years old on May 8th of 2011 if he hadn't died when he was 27 years old.	Блуз певач и гитариста Роберт Џонсон би 8. маја 2011. године напунио 100 година да није умро када је имао 27 година.	johnson	0	0
You didn't commit a serious crime.	Nisi počinio ozbiljan prekršaj.	commit	0	0
We're not entirely helpless.	Нисмо потпуно беспомоћни.	entirely	0	0
Tom is extraordinary.	Том је изванредан.	extraordinary	0	0
Tom told me just the opposite.	Tom mi je upravo rekao suprotno.	opposite	0	0
Both parties opposed war.	Обе стране су биле против рата.	parties	0	0
PTSD stands for post-traumatic stress disorder.	ПТСП је скраћеница за посттрауматски стресни поремећај.	stands	0	0
I have to have a little chat with Tom.	Морам мало да проћаскам са Томом.	chat	0	0
It's a slip of the pen.	To je greška u pisanju.	slip	0	0
I'm sorry if I disappointed you.	Žao mi je ako sam vas razočarao.	disappointed	0	0
The dispute has finally been settled.	Неспоразум је коначно окончан.	settled	0	0
Life begins where your comfort zone ends.	Život počinje tamo gde se tvoja zona konfora završava.	begins	0	0
Stay alert.	Остани на опрезу.	alert	0	0
He described the flight in detail.	Detaljno je opisao let.	detail	0	0
Mary wore a bright pink scarf.	Мери је носила светли розе шал.	pink	0	0
Tom accepted the job without hesitation.	Том је прихватио посао без оклевања.	accepted	0	0
It seems quiet, but it is very busy in the background.	Izgleda mirno, ali u pozadini sve ide punom parom.	background	0	0
I don't want to take the garbage out.	Нећу да износим ђубре.	garbage	0	0
That's not a reason to panic.	To nije razlog za paniku.	panic	0	0
Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt.	Tom bi još bio živ da je vezao pojas.	belt	0	0
The wind is blowing like crazy.	Ветар дува као блесав.	blowing	0	0
Hollywood marriages rarely last.	Холивудски бракови ретко опстају.	hollywood	0	0
I nodded my head in agreement.	Климнуо сам главом и сложио се.	agreement	0	0
Stop pushing.	Престани с гурањем.	pushing	0	0
He has the ability to make a good plan.	Он је способан да смисли добар план.	ability	0	0
Tom is whispering something to Mary.	Tom šapuće nešto Meri.	whispering	0	0
The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	task	0	0
That's a doll.	То је лутка.	doll	0	0
History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it.	Istorija će biti ljubazna prema meni, jer ja nameravam da je napišem.	intend	0	0
I tried to ignore what was happening.	Пробао сам да игноришем шта се дешавало.	ignore	0	0
Some girls are naturally pretty.	Neke devojke su prirodno lepe.	naturally	0	0
If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!	Ako želiš da razgovaraš sa mnogo ljudi, treba da naučiš Esperanto. Zašto ovaj jezik? Jer je istovremeno lep i stimuliše naše učenje. Međunarodni jezik je veoma važan jer ima tako mnogo ljudi iz različitih zemalja širom sveta. Uostalom, Esperanto nije samo koristan već i lak za učenje. Ako naučiš Esperanto, možeš da putuješ mnogim zemljama. Dođi i nauči!	useful	0	0
The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	attempt	0	0
He abandoned his family and went to live in Tahiti.	Напустио је своју породицу и преселио се на Тахити.	abandoned	0	0
I remember the first time I kissed you.	Сећам се кад сам те први пут пољубио.	kissed	0	0
A dog is barking now.	Pas sada laje.	barking	0	0
There's no set policy.	Nema utvrđene politike.	policy	0	0
In childhood, many violent criminals wantonly mistreated animals.	U detinjstvu, mnogi nasilni kriminalci su bezobzirno mučili životinje.	violent	0	0
Mary is the maid of honor.	Марија је дама од части.	maid	0	0
You're embarrassing her.	Sramotiš je.	embarrassing	0	0
I've known Jim since my childhood.	Познајем Џима још од детињства.	childhood	0	0
You're just wasting our time.	Samo gubiš vreme.	wasting	0	0
His speech was an unmitigated disaster.	Govor mu je bio, blago rečeno, katastrofa.	disaster	0	0
When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	revolution	0	0
I've been talking to Tom online.	Причао сам са Томом онлајн.	online	0	0
The text has been heavily edited.	Tekst je jako prerađen.	heavily	0	0
What a coincidence!	Каква случајност!	coincidence	0	0
There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	perform	0	0
A thin person can remain thin and a fat person remain fat while exercising assiduously if the exercise is not properly directed.	Мршава особа може да остане мршава и девела особа може да остане дебела док посвећено вежба уколико та вежба није усмерена како треба.	thin	0	0
Terrific!	Strahovito!	terrific	0	0
"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	mac	0	0
You should close your windows.	Trebalo bi da zatvoriš prozore.	windows	0	0
Astrobiology is the study of life’s origins on Earth and the potential for life in Universe.	Астробиологија је наука која проучава порекло живота на Земљи и могућност за живот у универзуму.	potential	0	0
Do any of your friends play guitar?	Da li neko od tvojih prijatelja svira gitaru?	guitar	0	0
We will present our idea to the committee.	Predstavićemo svoje ideje odboru.	committee	0	0
I bought a dozen pencils today.	Danas sam kupio tuce olovaka.	dozen	0	0
Advance two steps.	Направи два корака унапред.	advance	0	0
He walked quietly.	Тихо је ходао.	quietly	0	0
Tom is teaching me.	Том ме подучава.	teaching	0	0
She's a vampire hunter.	Ona je lovac na vampire.	hunter	0	0
You need to be here by 2:30 at the latest.	Treba ovde da budeš najkasnije u pola jedan.	latest	0	0
My leg is still hurting.	Noga me i dalje boli.	hurting	0	0
Belgrade is the capital of Serbia.	Београд је главни град Србије.	capital	0	0
Start counting.	Почните да бројите.	counting	0	0
The game drew a good crowd.	Утакмица је намамима добру публику.	drew	0	0
The whistle blew.	Зачу се пиштаљка.	whistle	0	0
Marie sneezed.	Мери кину.	marie	0	0
I deny that.	Одбијам се сложим с тим.	deny	0	0
The boss said it's urgent!	Шеф је рекао да је хитно!	urgent	0	0
I think Tom felt a bit threatened.	Мислим да се Том осетио као да му прете.	threatened	0	0
I'm fed up with your behavior.	Доста ми је твог понашања.	behavior	0	0
I am all mixed up.	U haosu sam.	mixed	0	0
Tom seldom stays out late.	Том ретко остаје напољу до касно.	stays	0	0
I can assure you of that.	Ja mogu da te uverim u to.	assure	0	0
I won't understand anything without subtitles.	Ништа нећу да разумем без титлова.	subtitles	0	0
Thanks for your explanation.	Хвала ти на објашњењу.	explanation	0	0
Evil sometimes wins.	Зло понекад победи.	wins	0	0
Oslo is just unique.	Oslo je prosto jedinstveno.	unique	0	0
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.	Свако има право на заштиту моралних и материјалних интереса који проистичу из било ког научног, књижевног или уметничког дела чији је он творац.	production	0	0
When Tom doesn't like something, he lets everyone know.	Кад се Тому нешто не свиђа, он то свима каже.	lets	0	0
Parents shouldn't let children be cruel to animals.	Roditelji ne bi trebali da dozvole deci da budu surovi prema životinjama.	cruel	0	0
Tom refused to wear a mask.	Том је одбио да носи маску.	mask	0	0
My name is Sally.	Moje je ime Sali.	sally	0	0
People don't always behave rationally.	Ljudi se ne ponašaju uvek racionalno.	behave	0	0
Bury it.	Закопајте га.	bury	0	0
How pathetic!	Kako patetično!	pathetic	0	0
Winter is approaching.	Зима се приближава.	approaching	0	0
I'm going to ask Tom for a loan.	Замолићу Тома да ми позајми новац.	loan	0	0
Don't struggle.	Nemoj da se otimaš.	struggle	0	0
Would you like a dish of ice cream?	Хоћеш ли порцију сладоледа?	dish	0	0
I trusted you with my secret and you betrayed me.	Poverio sam ti svoju tajnu a ti si me izdao.	trusted	0	0
Tom and Mary once jumped together from Pulpit Rock with a parachute. It was a short but magical experience.	Tom i Marija su zajedno skočili sa Preikestolna sa padobranom. To je bilo kratak, ali magični doživljaj.	jumped	0	0
Police intervened, firing tear gas to disperse the crowds.	Полиција је интервенисала, испаљујући сузавац да би растурила масу.	firing	0	0
Why are you stopping? The light's green.	Зашто стајеш? Зелено је.	stopping	0	0
Everybody asks me that.	Сви ме то питају.	asks	0	0
She was having a hard time swimming.	Било јој је тешко да плива.	swimming	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	daily	0	0
Tom was hiding in the basement.	Том се крио у подруму.	basement	0	0
Linda stood up to sing.	Линда је устала да пева.	linda	0	0
It's a quarter to two.	Petnaest do dva je.	quarter	0	0
They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	navy	0	0
This article contains some genuinely new ideas.	Ovaj članak sadrži neke zaista nove ideje.	article	0	0
I'm a tour guide.	Ја сам туристички водич.	guide	0	0
Tom has been accused of being disloyal.	Тома су осудили да је неверан.	accused	0	0
The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.	Radna grupa koja se bavi transferom podataka, vodjena od strane Bena Manija, će održati sastanak 14 januara 1999.	transfer	0	0
I hate your guts.	Мрзим те из дна душе.	guts	0	0
Only oil of the best quality and pure graphite should be used.	Треба користити само уље најбољег квалитета и чист графит.	quality	0	0
The great Roman hero, Julius Caesar, was assassinated.	Велики римски херој, Јулије Цезар, је убијен.	roman	0	0
Plato is a friend, but the truth is a greater friend.	Platon je prijatelj, ali istina je veći prijatelj.	greater	0	0
Don't be a couch potato.	Ne budi lezilebović.	couch	0	0
Cheer up!	Razveseli se!	cheer	0	0
There is a stone in my shoe.	Imam kamen u cipeli.	shoe	0	0
We're not shy.	Нисмо срамежљиви.	shy	0	0
I'm against capital punishment.	Противник сам смртне казне.	punishment	0	0
I went into the closet.	Ушла сам у ормар.	closet	0	0
I have a fever.	Имам температуру.	fever	0	0
You called me a coward.	Назвао си ме кукавицом.	coward	0	0
I saved the file on a flash drive.	Сачувала сам фајл на флешки.	flash	0	0
I'm impressed by your achievements.	Задивљен сам твој постигнућима.	impressed	0	0
The siren blew.	Сирена је завијала.	siren	0	0
Release the prisoners.	Пусти заробљенике.	prisoners	0	0
A quadrilateral is a geometric figure with four sides and four angles.	Četvorougao je geometrijska figura sa četiri stranice i četiri ugla.	sides	0	0
Do you bowl?	Да ли се куглаш?	bowl	0	0
Cows supply milk.	Краве дају млеко.	supply	0	0
I'm very sensitive to cold. May I have another blanket?	Много сам осетљив на хладноћу. Могу ли да добијем још једно ћебе?	sensitive	0	0
Hopefully, we'll win.	Nadamo se da ćemo pobediti.	hopefully	0	0
I found a dollar on the road.	Нашао сам долар на улици.	dollar	0	0
I like your tone.	Свиђа ми се твој тон.	tone	0	0
Tom has one of the best voices I've ever heard.	Том има један од нљјбољих гласове које сам икад чуо.	voices	0	0
Tom is cheating on his wife.	Том вара своју жену.	cheating	0	0
I confess I'm miserable.	Признајем да сам јадан.	confess	0	0
Demand is very high.	Потражња је веома велика.	demand	0	0
I recommend you visit the Imperial War Museum in London.	Preporučujem Vam da posetite Britanski Ratni Muzej u Londonu.	museum	0	0
Her name was unknown.	Њено име је било непознато.	unknown	0	0
I don't see anything suspicious.	Ne vidim ništa sumnjivo.	suspicious	0	0
That boy speaks like an adult.	Taj dečak priča kao odrasla osoba.	adult	0	0
Were you frightened?	Да ли сте биле уплашене?	frightened	0	0
I've been warned.	Упозорен сам.	warned	0	0
Do you have a steady boyfriend?	Imaš li stabilnu vezu sa dečkom?	steady	0	0
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.	Vreme je odličan učitelj, ali nažalost ubija sve svoje učenike.	kills	0	0
I crossed the room and looked out the window.	Прошла сам кроз собу и погледала кроз прозор.	crossed	0	0
I don't feel particularly nervous.	Нисам нешто посебно нервозан.	particularly	0	0
Don't touch my sandwich.	Не пипај ми сендвич.	sandwich	0	0
They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	joint	0	0
This is the package that I've been waiting for.	Ово је пакет на који сам чекао.	package	0	0
I've trained for months.	Trenirala sam mesecima.	trained	0	0
A snowplow tried to keep the highway near Oslo free of snow on Thursday morning.	Kamion za čišćenje snega je pokušavao da održava autoput u blizini Osla bez snega u četvrtak ujutru.	thursday	0	0
Do you have rubber boots?	Да ли имаш гумене чизме?	boots	0	0
There's a possibility the meeting will be canceled.	Постоји могућност да ће се састанак отказати.	possibility	0	0
My father is a civil engineer.	Мој тата је грађевински инжењер.	civil	0	0
The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.	Meseci sa najviše kiše su maj, juni, juli i avgust.	june	0	0
I like baseball.	Волим бејзбол.	baseball	0	0
Words express what can't be said in music.	Речи исказују шта се не може рећи музиком.	express	0	0
I'm miserable.	Očajna sam.	miserable	0	0
Come on Tuesday if possible.	Dođi u utorak, ako je moguće.	tuesday	0	0
The lion eats the meat.	Lav jede meso.	lion	0	0
Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	joseph	0	0
Tom refused.	Том је одбио.	refused	0	0
Rise and shine.	Буђење.	shine	0	0
I know a lot of jokes.	Знам пуно вицева.	jokes	0	0
Glass breaks easily.	Стакло се лако ломи.	breaks	0	0
Don't argue with me.	Не расправљај се са мном!	argue	0	0
Tom and Mary are enjoying a walk along the pilgrims' trail in France.	Tom i Meri uživaju u šetnji duž puta hodočašća u Francuskoj.	trail	0	0
We have no other option.	Nemamo drugog izbora.	option	0	0
Recall the filename before you try to perform file recovery.	Setite se imena fajla pre nego što pokušate da izvršite povratak obrisanih fajlova.	recall	0	0
Tom has a heavy German accent.	Том има јак немачки акценат.	accent	0	0
Heather believes me.	Хедер ми верује.	believes	0	0
I was embarrassed.	Било ме је срамота.	embarrassed	0	0
Tom was found lying blind drunk in someone's front garden. His wallet, keys and mobile phone had been stolen.	Тома су нашли како мортус пијан лежи у нечијем предњем дворишту. Новчаник, кључеви, и мобилни телефон били су му украдени.	mobile	0	0
Tom has been a customer of ours for a long time.	Том је наша муштерија већ дуже време.	customer	0	0
The trains in Serbia are terribly slow.	Возови у Србији су ужасно спори.	terribly	0	0
I'm considering changing jobs.	Размишљам да променим посао.	considering	0	0
I've been protecting Tom.	Штитио сам Тома.	protecting	0	0
How much does this flag cost?	Колико кошта ова застава?	flag	0	0
France borders Italy.	Француска се граничи са Италијом.	italy	0	0
Nature provides various means for keeping the body at an even temperature, and it is most essential not to disturb this balance.	Природа пружа разна средства за одржавање тела на једној те истој температури, и малтене је неопходно не нарушити овај баланс.	balance	0	0
The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.	Svet je bio nasamom rubu nuklearnog rata tokom Kubanske raketne krize oktobra 1962.	nuclear	0	0
My wallet was stolen on the bus.	Novčanik mi je ukraden u autobusu.	wallet	0	0
Don't shout at me.	Ne deri se na mene.	shout	0	0
I entered the forest.	Ушао сам у шуму.	entered	0	0
I have the impression that he is quite arrogant.	Imam utisak da je on prilično arogantan.	impression	0	0
I have a favour to ask of you.	Морам да те замолим за услугу.	favour	0	0
Reaction is not always the best course of action.	Reakcija nije uvek najbolji način delovanja.	reaction	0	0
To upgrade the firmware, you must go to the download page and download the latest version.	Da nadogradite firmver, idite na stranicu za preuzimanje i dovucite najnoviju verziju.	version	0	0
What did you do after the concert?	Шта сте радили после концерта?	concert	0	0
My older sister is a very talented singer.	Moja je starija sestra vrlo talentovana da peva.	singer	0	0
Is this diamond real?	Је ли ово прави дијамант?	diamond	0	0
Defeat him.	Победите га.	defeat	0	0
I'm having a blast.	Odlično mi je.	blast	0	0
I'm wounded.	Povređen sam.	wounded	0	0
Call me anytime.	Позовите ме било када.	anytime	0	0
The two men were business partners.	Dvojica muškaraca su bili partneri u biznisu.	partners	0	0
I haven't seen her for ages.	Odavno je nisam video.	ages	0	0
Where will the awards ceremony be taking place?	Да ли ће се одржати церемонија доделе награда?	ceremony	0	0
She's way out of my league.	Ona je baš izvan moje lige.	league	0	0
I want you behind bars.	Желим да те видим иза решетака.	bars	0	0
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.	Moja majka je kupila dve flaše soka od pomorandže.	orange	0	0
I'll try and find a specific example.	Пробаћу да нађем конкретан пример.	specific	0	0
To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.	Da bi se obezbedila efikasna zaštita motora i podmazivanje pod svim uslovima rada, koristite samo najbolje motorno ulje.	conditions	0	0
That's plastic.	To je plastika.	plastic	0	0
Tom is going through a midlife crisis.	Том има кризу средњих година.	crisis	0	0
Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan.	Saporo je peti najveći grad u Japanu.	fifth	0	0
Cryptesthesia is another term for extrasensory perception.	Kriptestezija je drugi termin za ekstrasenzornu percepciju.	term	0	0
To strive for maximization of self interest, happiness or security seems very natural for a human being.	Da teži da maksimizira sopstveni interes, sreću ili sigurnost izgleda veoma prirodno za jedno ljudsko biće.	self	0	0
What are we offering?	Шта нудимо?	offering	0	0
Thanks, bud!	Хвала, друже!	bud	0	0
A few firefighters suffered minor injuries.	Nekoliko vatrogasaca je pretrpelo lakše povrede.	suffered	0	0
Have you reported it to the police?	Јеси ли пријавио полицији?	reported	0	0
"What is it that you liked about her?" "I don't know. She seemed mysterious."	"Šta ti se dopalo kod nje?" "Ne znam. Izgledala je misteriozno."	mysterious	0	0
All pumps and alarm systems failed, and large amounts of water flooded into the Oslofjord Tunnel three days ago.	Pre tri dana su sve pumpe i alarmni sistemi otkazali, i velika količina vode je prodrla u oslofjordski tunel.	tunnel	0	0
I know that adding sentences only in your native or strongest language is probably not as much fun as practicing writing foreign languages, but please don't add sentences to the Tatoeba Corpus if you are not absolutely sure they are correct. If you want to practice languages that you are studying, please do so by using a website designed for that purpose such as www.lang-8.com.	Знам да додавање реченица само на матерњем језику или језику који најбоље познајете није баш забавно колико и вежбање писања на страним језицима, али молим вас да не додајете реченице на Татоебу ако нисте потпуно сигурни да су тачне. Ако желите да вежбате језик који учите, молим вас да то радите на сајтовима који су предвиђени за ту намену, као што је www.lang-8.com.	designed	0	0
Tom wanted to have a bigger house than his neighbor.	Tom je želeo veću kuću od svog komšije.	neighbor	0	0
All aboard!	Ukrcavanje!	aboard	0	0
Tom wiped the sweat from his face.	Том обриса зној с лица.	sweat	0	0
Does Tom still believe in ghosts?	Да ли Том и даље верује у духове?	ghosts	0	0
This book costs 3,000 yen.	Ova knjiga košta 3000 jena.	costs	0	0
Tom deserves to be paid more than he's getting paid.	Том заслужује да га плаћају више него што га плаћају.	deserves	0	0
I wondered if I could be dreaming.	Pitao sam se da li možda sanjam.	dreaming	0	0
You should check your messages.	Trebalo bi da proveriš svoje poruke.	messages	0	0
Are you still enjoying it?	Да ли и даље уживаш у томе?	enjoying	0	0
The worst comes afterwards.	Najgore tek stiže.	afterwards	0	0
Get out of your comfort zone.	Izađi iz svoje zone konfora.	comfort	0	0
We surrender.	Предајемо се.	surrender	0	0
I've got a crush on Tom.	Свиђа ми се Том.	crush	0	0
I've arranged for Tom to meet you at the airport.	Средио сам да се нађеш с Томом на аеродрому.	arranged	0	0
Which day suits you this week?	Који дан вам одговара ове недеље?	suits	0	0
I got up at night to pee.	Пробудио сам се током ноћи да пишким.	pee	0	0
PTSD stands for post-traumatic stress disorder.	ПТСП је скраћеница за посттрауматски стресни поремећај.	stress	0	0
I entered the cave cautiously.	Опрезно сам ушао у пећину.	cave	0	0
What a basket by Michael Jordan!	Kakav koš Majkla Džordana!	jordan	0	0
Monkeys are good at learning tricks.	Мајмуни добро уче трикове.	tricks	0	0
You are a living legend.	Ti si živa legenda.	legend	0	0
Medication and alcohol often don't mix.	Lekove uglavnom ne treba mešati sa alkoholom.	mix	0	0
I've played golf with Tom many times.	Mnogo puta sam igrala golf sa Tomom.	golf	0	0
A lot of imagination is needed to try to add new sentences here.	Potrebno je mnogo mašte kad se pokušava da se ovde doda nova rečenica.	imagination	0	0
The opossum is an American animal, having a head like the fox, and large eyes.	Опосум је америчка животиња која има главу као лисица и велике очи.	fox	0	0
Mary used the apples that Tom gave her to make apple butter.	Meri je iskoristila jabuke koje joj je Tom dao kako bi napravila puter od jabuka.	butter	0	0
The government is cracking down on tax avoidance schemes.	Vlada se slama zbog spletki oko izbegavanja plaćanja poreza.	tax	0	0
If you insist, I'll stay here.	Ако инсистираш, остаћу овде.	insist	0	0
When Marcus arrived, I was sleeping.	Спавала сам, када ја Маркус стигао.	marcus	0	0
I still love classic rock.	Još uvek volim klasični rok.	classic	0	0
Do you really think I'm selfish?	Da li zaista mislite da sam sebičan?	selfish	0	0
She didn't bat an eyelid.	Nije ni trepnula.	bat	0	0
You survived.	Преживели сте.	survived	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	print	0	0
He is the champion.	On je šampion.	champion	0	0
The kidnappers want $300,000 in small bills.	Отмичари траже 300.000$ у малим новчаницама.	bills	0	0
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.	Дај човеку рибу и нахрани га за дан. Научи човека да пеца и нахрани га за живот.	lifetime	0	0
She stood and walked toward the window.	Ustala je i prišla prozoru.	toward	0	0
Try this sauce.	Пробај овај сос.	sauce	0	0
During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	experiment	0	0
Most languages have euphemistic expressions to describe death and dying.	Mnogi jezici eumefizmima opisuju smrt i umiranje.	describe	0	0
Mary sat on the grass, playing ukulele.	Meri je sela na travu, svirajući ukulele.	grass	0	0
Don't cheat.	Ne varajte.	cheat	0	0
Tom couldn't attend the party because he was sick.	Tom nije mogao da dođe na žurku jer se razboleo.	attend	0	0
He was busy with his homework.	Био је заузет домаћим задатком.	homework	0	0
Who betrayed us?	Ко нас је издао?	betrayed	0	0
Have you read the Holy Bible?	Da li si čitao Svetu Bibliju.	bible	0	0
I think it is certain that there is intelligent life in this universe, but the likelihood of that life coming to Earth is practically nil.	Мислим да нема сумње да постоји интелигентан живот у овом универзуму, али вероватноћа да ће тај живот доћи на Земљу је скоро равна нули.	practically	0	0
The Eiffel Tower's made of steel.	Ајфелова кула је од челика.	steel	0	0
Wipe it off.	Обриши то.	wipe	0	0
Paper burns easily.	Папир лако гори.	burns	0	0
J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	j	0	0
I've decided to head back to the cabin.	Одлучио сам да кренем назад ка кабини.	cabin	0	0
Zurich is considered to be a major financial hub.	Cirih se smatra jednim od velikih finansijskih centara.	financial	0	0
There is little doubt that the tightening of an already stripped system will have dramatic consequences for industry and municipalities in rural areas.	Postoji malo sumnje da će rezanje u već ogoljenom sistemu imati dramatične posledice za industriju i opštine u ruralnim oblastima.	industry	0	0
Some sheep crossed the road.	Неке овце су прешле пут.	sheep	0	0
Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.	Drugi naučnici pregovaraju o njegovoj teoriji o nestanku dinosaurusa.	scientists	0	0
Tom was severely beaten.	Toma su žestoko prebili.	beaten	0	0
Which brand do you like better?	Која марка ти се више свиђа?	brand	0	0
To a large degree, human activity has contributed to upsetting nature's balances.	U velikom stepenu je ljudska aktivnost doprinela poremećaju prirodnih balansa.	degree	0	0
It's too painful.	Превише боли.	painful	0	0
I heard coughing.	Чуо сам кашаљ.	coughing	0	0
Modern, rational, logical and unprejudiced science has already given us far more secure knowledge and immeasurably more than any religion has ever given us.	Moderna, racionalna, logična i nepristrasna nauka nam je već dala daleko sigurnija saznanja i nemerljivo više nego što nam je bilo koja religija ikada dala.	religion	0	0
She adores cats.	Она презире мачке.	cats	0	0
Stephen died.	Стефан је умро.	stephen	0	0
Tom got involved with people who had a really bad influence on him.	Tom se umešao među ljude koji su imali jako loš uticaj na njega.	influence	0	0
Please take a look at this drawing.	Молим те, погледај овај цртеж.	drawing	0	0
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.	Зец има дуге уши и кратак реп.	rabbit	0	0
I like to exercise.	Волим да вежбам.	exercise	0	0
She is attractive.	Она је привлачна.	attractive	0	0
How touching!	Kako dirljivo!	touching	0	0
Most people don't get sick from the virus.	Већина људи се неће разболити од вируса.	virus	0	0
Torture is wrong.	Мучење је погрешно.	torture	0	0
Explain it in plain words.	Objasni to prostim rečima.	plain	0	0
When the politician died, everyone expected that his son would follow in his footsteps.	Када је политичар умро, сви су очекивали да ће његов син наставити његовим стопама.	footsteps	0	0
I've already removed your name from the list.	Већ сам обрисао твоје име са листе.	removed	0	0
Tom is just pretending to be mad.	Том се баш прави љут.	pretending	0	0
Tom's wasted.	Том је одрађен.	wasted	0	0
Goodnight, ladies.	Лаку ноћ, даме.	goodnight	0	0
I wish I were a robot.	Волео бих да сам робот.	robot	0	0
It's as clear as crystal.	To je kristalno jasno.	crystal	0	0
Please confirm.	Потврдите.	confirm	0	0
Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	mile	0	0
I don't care how much it itches. Don't scratch it.	Ne zanima me koliko svrbi. Ne češaj se.	scratch	0	0
This painting always reminds me of my hometown.	Ова слика ме увек подсећа на мој родни град.	reminds	0	0
Tom walks.	Том хода.	walks	0	0
It was a great success, ending in a long run.	Био је то велики успех, који је трајао дуго.	ending	0	0
We are from Russia.	Mi smo iz Rusije.	russia	0	0
Tom won the contest.	Том је победио на такмичењу.	contest	0	0
It sounds like you learned a valuable lesson.	Zvuči kao da si naučio važnu lekciju.	valuable	0	0
Tom became distant.	Том је постао отуђен.	distant	0	0
I dumped Tom.	Раскинула сам Тому.	dumped	0	0
Motion denied.	Приговор одбијен.	motion	0	0
Most people here don't have electricity.	Većina ljudi ovde nema struju.	electricity	0	0
I panicked when I read that they expected big protests in Riyadh today, but then my wife reassured me, saying that she had just bought two bottles of olive oil, ensuring our living standard for months, even if oil prices were to explode.	Успаничио сам се када сам прочитао да су данас очекивали велике протесте у Ријаду, али ме је онда жена умирила, рекавши ми да је управо купила две боце маслиновог уља, тиме обезбедивши наш животни стандард за надолазеће месеце, чак и да цена нафте букне.	standard	0	0
Tom wore John's pajamas.	Том је носио Џонове пиџаме.	wore	0	0
I struck Tom.	Ударио сам Тома.	struck	0	0
Please be gentle.	Молим те, буди нежан.	gentle	0	0
What's your marital status?	Kakav vam je materijalni status?	status	0	0
The top eight players survived the ninth day of the tournament.	Osam najboljih igrača su preživeli deveti dan takmičenja.	players	0	0
The dog suddenly charged at the child.	Пас је одједном појурио ка детету.	charged	0	0
Tom delivered the package to the orphanage.	Tom je odneo paket u sirotilište.	delivered	0	0
Tom is the person who actually pulled the trigger.	Том је особа која је заправо повукла обарач.	trigger	0	0
Greyhounds have higher levels of red blood cells than other breeds.	Хртови имају виши ниво црвених крвних зрнаца од других раса.	cells	0	0
I'm surprised by Tom's response.	Iznenađen sam Tomovim odgovorom.	response	0	0
Cancel that.	Откажи то.	cancel	0	0
Her argument was not based on facts.	Њен аргумент није био поткрепљен чињеницама.	argument	0	0
I complained to the principal.	Пожалио сам се директору.	principal	0	0
For a bit of a change from red meat, for tonight I've cooked turkey breasts in mushroom sauce.	Da bi promenio crveno meso, skuvao sam ćureće grudi u sosu od pečuraka za večeras.	turkey	0	0
Greetings.	Поздрав.	greetings	0	0
We don't know our neighbors.	Не познајемо наше комшије.	neighbors	0	0
Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	vice	0	0
Mama, Tom won't gimme back my toy!	Mama, Tom neće da mi vrati igračku!	toy	0	0
I think you've been very generous.	Mislim da si bio veoma darežljiv.	generous	0	0
I want to gain weight.	Хоћу да се угојим.	gain	0	0
I enjoyed your video.	Уживао сам у твом видео снимку.	enjoyed	0	0
The lion is the king of the jungle.	Лав је краљ џунгле.	jungle	0	0
I sent Tom the link to your website.	Послао сам Тому линк до твог сајта.	link	0	0
Stop smiling.	Престаните да се смејете.	smiling	0	0
We would like to distribute your product in Japan.	Желели бисмо да дистрибуирамо вас производ у Јапану.	product	0	0
Beef, please.	Говедину, молим.	beef	0	0
Some religious people can be very judgmental.	Neki religiozni ljudi znaju da budu jako osuđujući.	religious	0	0
Who are these presents for?	Za koga su ovi pokloni?	presents	0	0
Identify yourself.	Identifikuj se.	identify	0	0
I like vampire stories.	Волим приче о вампирима.	vampire	0	0
Who else uses this room?	Ko još koristi ovu sobu?	uses	0	0
All systems are go.	Све је спремно.	systems	0	0
Nature provides various means for keeping the body at an even temperature, and it is most essential not to disturb this balance.	Природа пружа разна средства за одржавање тела на једној те истој температури, и малтене је неопходно не нарушити овај баланс.	temperature	0	0
Sound needs matter to propagate through. However, cosmic noise and electromagnetic waves don't.	Da bi se zvuk prostirao treba mu materija, ali kosmičkom šumu ili elektromagnetskom zračenju to nije potrebno.	waves	0	0
Brad Pitt is an actor.	Бред Пит је глумац.	brad	0	0
All animals are equal.	Sve su životinje jednake.	equal	0	0
The dog's name is Ken.	Пас зове се Кен.	ken	0	0
It is related to the fact that ...	Ima veze s tim što...	related	0	0
Tom is incredibly curious.	Том је невероватно озбиљан.	incredibly	0	0
Chill!	Охлади!	chill	0	0
Please spit.	Пљуни, молим те.	spit	0	0
One way scientists are following the spread of the brown marmorated stink bug is by setting traps.	Za Alžirijo je gas strateška dobrina.	bug	0	0
I thought that it sounded odd.	Мислио сам да је звучало чудно.	sounded	0	0
This house is said to be haunted by spirits.	Priča se da su ovu kuću zaposeli duhovi.	spirits	0	0
Tom doesn't have the nerve to do that anymore.	Том више нема живаца за то.	nerve	0	0
She divorced her husband.	Развела се од мужа.	divorced	0	0
Yokohama is a beautiful port town.	Jokohama je divan grad-luka.	port	0	0
No worries.	Немаш бриге.	worries	0	0
Is Tom your nephew?	Да ли ти је Том нећак?	nephew	0	0
Proceed!	Настави!	proceed	0	0
You traitor!	Издајице!	traitor	0	0
She was wearing a splendid outfit.	Носила је изврсну комбинацију.	outfit	0	0
He has extensive experience and his competence has branched out into several fields.	On ima veliko iskustvo i njegova kompententnost se razgranala u nekoliko oblasti.	fields	0	0
Have patience.	Имај стрпљења.	patience	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	foolish	0	0
The temperature here is higher than that of Tokyo.	Температура је овде виша него у Токију.	tokyo	0	0
Tom injured his right knee.	Том је повредио десно колено.	injured	0	0
She set the bird free from the cage.	Ослободила је птицу из кавеза.	cage	0	0
Continue digging.	Nastavi da kopaš.	digging	0	0
We have enough seats for everyone.	Imamo dovoljno sedišta za sve.	seats	0	0
Why is there an awkward silence between us?	Zašto je između nas neprijatno ćutanje?	awkward	0	0
I cleaned the room.	Очистио сам собу.	cleaned	0	0
Have you noticed a pattern?	Да ли си приметио шаблон?	pattern	0	0
Shut your filthy mouth.	Začepi ta prljava usta.	filthy	0	0
Visiting different countries is interesting.	Посета разним земљама је занимљива.	visiting	0	0
We can learn a lot about an historical event such as the persecution of the Jews and make sure that something similar does not happen again.	Možemo da mnogo naučimo o ratno-istorijskom događaju kao što je progrom Jevreja i možemo da osiguramo da se ovo slično nikada ne ponovi.	jews	0	0
I can't concentrate with all this commotion going on.	Ne mogu da se koncentrišem od ove pometnje.	concentrate	0	0
Let's go someplace where we can talk in private.	Хајдемо негде где можемо да причамо насамо.	someplace	0	0
All citizens should respect the law.	Svi građani treba da poštuju zakon.	citizens	0	0
Aim higher.	Циљај више.	aim	0	0
Nancy is from London.	Nensi je iz Londona.	nancy	0	0
Who's gonna read such a thick book?	Ko će da čita tako debelu knjigu?	thick	0	0
The weather, indeed, affects bicycling more than any other sport.	Временске прилике, заиста, утичу на бициклизам више него на било који други спорт.	sport	0	0
Mathematics is basic to all sciences.	Matematika je osnova svim naukama.	basic	0	0
Do you need a license to use an electric wheelchair?	Да ли је потребна дозвола за коришћење електричних инвалидских колица?	electric	0	0
We can look at a suit-clad Tom at a black grand piano, moving his fingers dramatically, creating music that is very pleasant to listen to.	Možemo da gledamo Toma u odelu, za crnim velikim klavirom sa dramatičnim potezima prstiju, stvarajući muziku koja je vrlo prijatno slušati.	pleasant	0	0
Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	cliff	0	0
Nail polish remover stinks a lot.	Скидач лака за нокте јако смрди.	nail	0	0
Initially I found it difficult to deal with my new environment.	У почетку ми је било тешко да се прилагодим новом окружењу.	environment	0	0
France is in Western Europe.	Француска је у Западној Европи.	western	0	0
Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.	Veličina brushaltera u Japanu je manja od brushaltera istog broja na zapadu, zbog manje prosečne veličine grudi.	average	0	0
At ease.	Само полако.	ease	0	0
Please don't interrupt me when I'm talking.	Молим те, не прекидај ме док причам.	interrupt	0	0
Tom was satisfied with the way we did that.	Том је био задовољан начин на који смо то урадили.	satisfied	0	0
We're not at home now. Please leave a message after the beep.	Тренутно нисмо код куће. Оставите поруке после звучног сигнала.	beep	0	0
I'm starving!	Умрећу од глади!	starving	0	0
I've already signed all the documents.	Већ сам потписала све документе.	documents	0	0
I gave them a present for their anniversary.	Dala sam im poklon za godišnjicu.	anniversary	0	0
Beth told Chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him.	Bet je rekla Krisu da se okupa ili ona neće izaći sa njim na sastanak.	beth	0	0
"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	warrior	0	0
The chain should be placed in kerosene and left to soak.	Ланац треба ставити у керозин и оставити да се натопи.	placed	0	0
It was just bad timing.	To je jednostavno bio loš trenutak.	timing	0	0
Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.	Ko živi u staklenoj kući ne bi trebalo da baca kamenje.	stones	0	0
Tom suffers from a persecution complex.	Tom pati od manije gonjenja.	complex	0	0
Replace it.	Замени је.	replace	0	0
Don't skip classes, okay?	Немој да прескачеш часове, у реду?	skip	0	0
Troubled children often lack any sense of guilt.	Problematična deca su često bez bilo kakvog osećaja krivice.	guilt	0	0
I didn't recognise the tune.	Nisam prepoznao melodiju.	tune	0	0
Actions speak louder than words.	Дела говоре више од речи.	actions	0	0
A good conscience is a soft pillow.	Dobra savest je mekan jastuk.	conscience	0	0
I don't believe we've officially met.	Мислим да се нисмо званично упознали.	officially	0	0
Tom knows a lot about machines.	Том зна доста тога о машинама.	machines	0	0
My room is smaller than my brother's.	Соба ми је мања од братовљеве.	smaller	0	0
We haven't determined that yet.	То још нисмо одлучили.	determined	0	0
The fuse has blown.	Осигурач је прегорео.	blown	0	0
Hail!	Поздрав!	hail	0	0
One of our cats is very unhappy about the new kittens.	Једна од наших мачака уопште није срећна због нових мачића.	unhappy	0	0
Please pour me a glass of water.	Налиј ми чашу воде, молим те.	pour	0	0
A cup of coffee cleared my head.	Šolja kafe mi je razbistrila glavu.	cleared	0	0
My suitcase isn't packed yet.	Kofer mi još nije spakovan.	packed	0	0
Do you want me to wrap it up as a gift?	Хоћете ли да га запакујем као поклон?	wrap	0	0
Be reasonable.	Буди разуман.	reasonable	0	0
What's in your trunk?	Шта вам је у гепеку?	trunk	0	0
This billionaire has 5 homes in 4 different countries.	Ovaj milijarder ima pet kuća u četiri različitih država.	homes	0	0
A "chek-chek" festival took place in Latvia.	Ček-ček festival se održao u Latviji.	festival	0	0
He is a man of tradition.	On je čovek sa tradicijom.	tradition	0	0
I smoke cigarettes.	Пушим цигарете.	cigarettes	0	0
Please sit beside me.	Седите поред мене.	beside	0	0
Many people would like to be motivated, innovative, thinking beings if they could only get the opportunity.	Mnogi bi rado bili motivisana, kreativna, misleća bića, samo ako bi dobili tu šansu.	beings	0	0
Bring backup.	Dovedite pojačanje.	backup	0	0
I must apologize to Ann.	Морам да се извиним Ани.	ann	0	0
Is there a phone nearby?	Постоји ли телефон у близини?	nearby	0	0
Tom drank the whole bottle of wine by himself.	Том је сам попио целу флашу вина.	drank	0	0
The effects of climate change are far less pronounced in Antarctica than in the northern polar regions.	Efekat klimanskih promena je mnogo manje izražen na Antartiku nego u severnim polarnim predelima.	effects	0	0
He likes adventure.	Он воли авантуру.	adventure	0	0
"If P, then Q" is logically equivalent to "If not Q, then not P".	"Ako P, onda Q" je logički ekvivalentno sa "Ako ne Q, onda ne P."	p	0	0
It goes with the territory.	То је моје подручје рада.	territory	0	0
Everything you've heard is correct.	Све што сте чуле је тачно.	ve	0	0
I accepted Tom's apology.	Прихватио сам Томово извињење.	apology	0	0
Tom, unlike some of us, can speak French.	Том, за разлику од неких од нас, говори француски.	unlike	0	0
I'm sure Tom owns property.	Sigurna sam da Tom poseduje imovinu.	owns	0	0
Tom took the box to the basement and put it on top of the other boxes.	Том је однео кутију у подрум и ставио је поврх других кутија.	boxes	0	0
I thus require an apology from the judge and I claim my insanity declared null and void.	Stoga zahtevam da mi se sudija izvini i zahtevam da se moje ludilo proglasi ništavnim.	thus	0	0
Odd vases made by his own hand from the clay of the region held beautiful tropical flowers.	У чудним вазама које је својим рукама направио од глине из региона налазили су се прелепи тропски цветови.	clay	0	0
I've developed romantic feelings for you.	Развио сам романтична осећања према теби.	developed	0	0
Pipe down!	Ћут'!	pipe	0	0
You can use the post office to ship any goods to private individuals and companies.	Možeš da svu robu šalješ poštom privatnim osobama i kompanijama.	goods	0	0
Listening to music is my favourite relaxation.	Slušanje muzike je moj omiljeni vid relaksacije.	favourite	0	0
The three of us ate hot dogs and potato salad.	Nas troje je jelo viršle sa krompir salatom.	salad	0	0
Are you loyal?	Да ли си одан?	loyal	0	0
Tom hasn't got the chance to poison the atmosphere or undermine the love between Mary and her new lover.	Tom nije dobio priliku da zatruje atmosferu ili podrije ljubav između Marije i njenog novog ljubavnika.	atmosphere	0	0
Tom is freaking out.	Tom je pošandrcao.	freaking	0	0
The mouse dreams of catching the cat.	Миш сања о томе да ухвати мачку.	mouse	0	0
I picked Tom up downtown.	Покупио сам Тома из града.	downtown	0	0
There's something rotten in the state of Denmark.	Нешто је труло у држави Данској.	rotten	0	0
Canada's no paradise.	Kanada nije raj.	paradise	0	0
I got up an hour ago and in the meantime I've brushed my teeth, washed and shaved myself and done my morning gymnastics.	Probudio sam se pre sat vremena i u međuvremenu sam oprao zube, umio se i obrijao se, i uradio jutarnju gimnastiku.	meantime	0	0
Tom is a member of this organization.	Tom je član ove organizacije.	organization	0	0
I didn't even try to answer about half of the questions on the exam.	Нисам ни пробао да одговорим на пола питања са испита.	exam	0	0
No comment.	Без коментара.	comment	0	0
By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.	Oni su slučajno čuli nekakvu sumnjivu aktivnost u šipražju što ukazuje da je medved namirisao njihovu hranu.	activity	0	0
"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	knight	0	0
He got out of the habit of smoking.	Избацио је пушење из навике.	habit	0	0
I had to take shelter under a tree.	Морао сам да се склоним испод дрвета.	shelter	0	0
A simple multi-stage adjustment of the air flow is provided electronically.	Elektronika obezbeđuje višestepeno i jednostavno prilagođavanje protoka vazduha.	flow	0	0
Tom filled up the holes.	Tom je popunio rupe.	holes	0	0
How can I prevent this from happening?	Како спречим да се ово деси?	prevent	0	0
Please lend me some money.	Молим те, позајми ми нешто новца.	lend	0	0
The author of "The Last of the Mohicans", James Fenimore Cooper, was the first environmentalist.	Pisac knjige "Poslednji mohikanac", Džejms Fenimor Kuper je bio prvi borac za zaštitu prirode.	cooper	0	0
Who can't be proud of being Serbian, part of a group whose greatest historical achievements have been slaughtering authority figures and genocides?	Ko ne može biti ponosan što je Srbin, sa njihovim istorijskim najvišljim dostignućima - pokoljem poglavara i genocidima?	figures	0	0
I wonder when Tom will be going to Boston.	Питам се када ће Том да иде за Бостон.	boston	0	0
Tom landed.	Том је слетео.	landed	0	0
I am a monk.	Ja sam monah.	monk	0	0
I shivered slightly.	Мало сам се стресао.	slightly	0	0
Tom couldn't produce any evidence to back his statement up.	Tom nije uspeo da iznese nijedan dokaz da podrži svoju izjavu.	produce	0	0
How annoying!	Како ме нервира!	annoying	0	0
Does Tom trust your judgment?	Да ли Том верује твојој процени?	judgment	0	0
May I wash all my laundry at once?	Да ли смем да оперем сво своје рубље одједном?	laundry	0	0
Tom is a lousy kisser.	Tom se loše ljubi.	lousy	0	0
Two souls, one spirit.	Dve duše, jedan duh.	souls	0	0
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	existence	0	0
He tries.	Pokušava.	tries	0	0
Tom likes his foster mother.	Тому се свиђа његова маћеха.	foster	0	0
They answered.	Одговорили су.	answered	0	0
Water the plants.	Залијте цвеће.	plants	0	0
Who's your favorite actor or actress?	Ко ти је омиљени глумац или глумица?	actress	0	0
Then our chairman came up with a good idea, which we have made into a great plan.	Onda je naš rukovodilac došao na dobru ideju i napravili smo odličan plan.	chairman	0	0
We must respect the rights of the individual.	Moramo poštovati lična prava.	individual	0	0
Man hopes as long as he lives.	Човек се нада све док је жив.	hopes	0	0
Have you seen Tom's new tattoo?	Да ли си видео нову Томову тетоважу?	tattoo	0	0
Tom helped us paint the fence.	Том нам је помогао да офарбамо ограду.	fence	0	0
I'm confident.	Samouveren sam.	confident	0	0
You could be mistaken.	Možda grešiš.	mistaken	0	0
We limit baggage to ten kilograms each.	Mi ograničavamo prtljag na deset kilograma po komadu.	limit	0	0
Why don't you tell me what's really bothering you?	Zašto mi ne kažeš šta te zaista muči?	bothering	0	0
A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn't want to be too explicit.	Сан... Покушао сам да објасним Светом Петру, и учинио сам то на немачком језику, јер нисам желео да будем превише експлицитан.	st	0	0
It looks uncomfortable.	Izgleda neudobno.	uncomfortable	0	0
A week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.	Nedelja ima sedam dana: ponedeljak, utorak, sreda, četvrtak, petak, subota i nedelja.	wednesday	0	0
I've been giving Tom gifts.	Давао сам поклоне Тому.	gifts	0	0
The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.	Policajac ga je uhapsio zbog vožnje u pijanom stanju.	policeman	0	0
Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	precisely	0	0
She looks like a Greek goddess.	Ona izgleda kao grčka boginja.	greek	0	0
Criminals should be punished.	Krimilance treba kazniti.	criminals	0	0
Tom hoped that he would become a famous writer.	Tom se nadao da će postati slavan pisac.	hoped	0	0
When Tom was a teenager, he earned money delivering newspapers.	Kada je Tom bio tinejdžer, zarađivao je raznoseći novine.	earned	0	0
Mary said that she would reveal all of her employer's secrets if he did not raise her wage.	Meri je rekla da će otkriti tajne svih svojih šefova ako joj ne povećaju platu.	reveal	0	0
A form appeared in the darkness.	Облик се појавио у тами.	appeared	0	0
Good heavens!	O Bože!	heavens	0	0
This was refined and embodied in a personality so weird, rigid and stubborn that very few dared to closely work with him.	Ovo je bilo prefinjeno i oličeno u ličnosti tako čudnoj, krutoj i tvrdoglavoj da se malo ko usuđivao da blisko sarađuje sa njim.	personality	0	0
These shirts are the same. They are the same colour.	Ove košulje su iste. Iste su boje.	colour	0	0
Tom isn't a good worker.	Tom nije dobar radnik.	worker	0	0
We don't have a Pope!	Ми немамо Папу!	pope	0	0
It took Tom several hours to assemble a bunk bed that the instructions said would take less than an hour to assemble.	Тому је требало неколико сати да склопи кревет на спрат за чије склапање је упуство казало да ће трајати мање од сат времена.	instructions	0	0
Some of my less intelligent friends smoke.	Neki od mojih manje inteligentnih prijatelja puše.	intelligent	0	0
Stop worrying.	Престани да бринеш.	worrying	0	0
We cried.	Заплакале смо.	cried	0	0
Does Tom enjoy traveling?	Да ли Том ужива у путовањима?	traveling	0	0
I robbed a convenience store with Tom.	Опљачкао сам самопослугу са Томом.	robbed	0	0
The odds are against me.	Šanse su protiv mene.	odds	0	0
Tom took a mud bath.	Том се окупао у блату.	mud	0	0
The incident happened to be captured on video by a bystander.	Nezgodu je snimio posmatrač.	captured	0	0
Tom took swimming lessons.	Том је кренуо на часове пливања.	lessons	0	0
The program sets the terms for project development and implementation.	Program postavlja uslove za razvoj i implementaciju projekata.	sets	0	0
The World Wide Web was invented by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989.	Svetsku mrežu je izumeo 1989. godine Tom Berners Li.	invented	0	0
In some cases, emeralds can be worth more than diamonds.	U nekim slučajevima smaragdi mogu da budu dragoceniji od dijamanata.	diamonds	0	0
A cloud passed over Tom's face.	Облак је прошао преко Томовог лица.	cloud	0	0
It is hers, is it not?	Њено је, зар не?	hers	0	0
Don't skip classes, OK?	Немој да прескачеш часове, у реду?	classes	0	0
I need your signature.	Треба ми твој потпис.	signature	0	0
Don't complain.	Не жалите се.	complain	0	0
I forgot the baby monitor.	Zaboravio sam uređaj za nadgledanje beba.	monitor	0	0
Let's discuss our options.	Hajde da prodiskutujemo opcije.	options	0	0
Tom claims that he's seen a UFO, but Mary doesn't believe him.	Том тврди да је видео НЛО, али му Мери не верује.	claims	0	0
Time flies.	Vreme leti.	flies	0	0
Give yourself a pat on the back. You deserve it.	Потапшај се по леђима. Заслужујеш.	pat	0	0
"The Scots say no to a separation from Great Britain." This is the result of a poll from the voting day.	"Škoti su rekli ne odvajunju od Velike Britanije." - Ovo je rezultat ankete na dan izbora.	britain	0	0
We hid our faces.	Сакрили смо лица.	hid	0	0
I never should've listened to you.	Никад није требало да те послушам.	listened	0	0
Tom says that he has 4 homes in 5 different countries.	Tom kaže da ima četiri kuća u pet različitih zemalja.	countries	0	0
Yell!	Вичите!	yell	0	0
Are you afraid of rats?	Da li se plašiš pacova?	rats	0	0
I wondered if I could be dreaming.	Pitao sam se da li možda sanjam.	wondered	0	0
The wall appeared to be smooth and impenetrable.	Zid je izgledao glatko i neprobojno.	smooth	0	0
Resist!	Пружите отпор!	resist	0	0
You can use the post office to ship any goods to private individuals and companies.	Možeš da svu robu šalješ poštom privatnim osobama i kompanijama.	companies	0	0
I almost forgot my passport.	Умало да заборавим пасош.	passport	0	0
I need a hammer.	Treba mi čekić.	hammer	0	0
I flew back to Boston last weekend.	Долетео сам назад у Бостон прошлог викенда.	flew	0	0
The bell rings at noon.	Звоно звони у подне.	noon	0	0
A helicopter flew overhead just as Tom was about to propose to Mary.	Хеликоптер је прелетео преко нас баш кад се Том спремао да запроси Мери.	helicopter	0	0
Have you finished washing the dishes?	Da li si završila sa pranjem sudova?	dishes	0	0
Let's go for a spin around the park.	Хајде да се прошетамо око парка.	spin	0	0
Black and white photos have a special charm.	Crno-bele fotografije imaju poseban šarm.	charm	0	0
What Tom said doesn't apply in this situation.	Ono što je Tom rekao se ne može primeniti na ovu situaciju.	apply	0	0
I want to discover the truth.	Хоћу да откријем истину.	discover	0	0
She keeps moaning that she has no time.	Ona nastavlja da kuka kako nema vremena.	moaning	0	0
When was this photograph taken?	Када је усликана ова фотографија?	photograph	0	0
I love bargain sales.	Волим велика снижења.	sales	0	0
Prices in the last ten years have risen by fifty per cent.	Цене су у последњих десет година порасле за педесет одсто.	fifty	0	0
I crouched beneath the window.	Чучнула сам испод прозора.	beneath	0	0
Farewell!	Довиђења!	farewell	0	0
The sky is covered with clouds today.	Данас је небо покривено облацима.	clouds	0	0
Tom slipped.	Том се оклизну.	slipped	0	0
I'm deaf and mute while I'm eating.	Глув и нем сам док једем.	deaf	0	0
I am a citizen of the world.	Ja sam građanin sveta.	citizen	0	0
Open the hood.	Отвори хаубу.	hood	0	0
Tom opened a new restaurant, but it didn't turn a profit in the first twelve months.	Tom je otvorio novi restoran, ali nije uspeo da zaradi od njega tokom prvih dvanaest meseci.	twelve	0	0
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.	Свако има право на заштиту моралних и материјалних интереса који проистичу из било ког научног, књижевног или уметничког дела чији је он творац.	interests	0	0
You cheated.	Варали сте.	cheated	0	0
I informed her of my success.	Rekao sam joj o svom uspehu.	informed	0	0
You've restored my faith in humanity.	Повратио си ми веру у човечанство.	humanity	0	0
Tom likes extreme sports.	Tom voli ekstremne sportove.	extreme	0	0
Honesty pays.	Искреност се исплати.	pays	0	0
Keep a low profile.	Ne privlači pažnju.	profile	0	0
They don't have a shed.	Nemaju šupu.	shed	0	0
A few firefighters suffered minor injuries.	Nekoliko vatrogasaca je pretrpelo lakše povrede.	minor	0	0
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.	Свако има право на заштиту моралних и материјалних интереса који проистичу из било ког научног, књижевног или уметничког дела чији је он творац.	scientific	0	0
The lovers kissed.	Пар се пољубио.	lovers	0	0
I love math.	Ја волим математику.	math	0	0
This was refined and embodied in a personality so weird, rigid and stubborn that very few dared to closely work with him.	Ovo je bilo prefinjeno i oličeno u ličnosti tako čudnoj, krutoj i tvrdoglavoj da se malo ko usuđivao da blisko sarađuje sa njim.	stubborn	0	0
The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.	Meseci sa najviše kiše su maj, jun, jul i avgust.	august	0	0
Everyone likes potato chips.	Сви воле чипс од кромпира.	chips	0	0
The pain was so intense that I couldn't sleep.	Бол је био толико јак да нисам могла да спавам.	intense	0	0
O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.	Oh, siva mačkice, molim te, ne predi. Deka bi mogao da te čuje.	grey	0	0
I'm afraid I can't accept your invitation.	Бојим се да не могу да прихватим Ваш позив.	invitation	0	0
Quit gambling.	Прекините да се коцкате.	gambling	0	0
Please respond.	Молим вас, одговорите.	respond	0	0
The buses run every thirty minutes.	Бусеви иду на сваких тридесет минута.	thirty	0	0
That's the absolute truth.	То је апсолутна истина!	absolute	0	0
The police's job is to prevent and investigate crime.	Posao policije je da sprečava i istražuje kriminal.	investigate	0	0
The stable is next to the hotel.	Штала је поред хотела.	stable	0	0
They had a brainstorming session.	Одржали су отворену трибину.	session	0	0
Tom is ripped.	Том је набилдован.	ripped	0	0
He worked ten hours at a stretch.	On je radio deset sati neprekidno.	stretch	0	0
Don't beat around the bush.	Не обилази као киша око Крагујевца.	bush	0	0
Tom was unable to produce any evidence to support his statement.	Tom nije uspeo da iznese nijedan dokaz koji bi podržao njegovu izjavu.	unable	0	0
Tom said he thought there was no life on Mars.	Том је рекао да је мислио да на Марсу нема живота.	mars	0	0
I understand that they're going to increase the staff.	Капирам да ће повећати број запослених.	increase	0	0
It really tastes good.	Стварно је укусно.	tastes	0	0
I didn't know you cared.	Nisam znao da se brineš.	cared	0	0
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.	Moja majka je kupila dve flaše soka od pomorandže.	bottles	0	0
Tom played his highest card.	Tom je igrao s najvišom kartom.	highest	0	0
Suddenly, Tom grabbed his chest in pain.	Наједном, Том се зграби за груди од бола.	grabbed	0	0
In general, pigs are fat.	Уопштено гледано, свиње су дебеле.	pigs	0	0
I'm quite shocked by this.	Prilično sam šokiran ovime.	shocked	0	0
A man worthy of his salt cannot do such a thing.	Pošten čovek to ne može da uradi.	worthy	0	0
Beats me.	Немам појма.	beats	0	0
If it exists, a crossover with it will eventually happen.	Ako postoji, krosover sa tim će se kad-tad dogoditi.	exists	0	0
Tom acts like a bully sometimes.	Том се понекад понаша као силеџија.	acts	0	0
Hop in.	Упадај.	hop	0	0
There is no furniture in this room.	У овој соби нема намештаја.	furniture	0	0
The interview was recorded on video and shared all over the Internet.	Napravljen je video snimak intervjua i objavljen je širom interneta.	shared	0	0
Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	consequences	0	0
I'm a mechanical engineer.	Механички сам инжењер.	engineer	0	0
Schools were built.	Изградиле су се шкоел.	schools	0	0
Speak softly.	Причај тише.	softly	0	0
Sweden's population is growing.	Populacija Švedske raste.	population	0	0
We have everything we need to succeed.	Имамо све што нам треба да успемо.	succeed	0	0
It looks creepy.	Изгледа језиво.	creepy	0	0
She was quite eager in her studies.	Била је баш жељна учења.	studies	0	0
Our parents never punished us.	Наши родитељи нас никад нису кажњавали.	punished	0	0
A heart attack often comes like lightning from a blue sky.	Srčani udar često dolazi kao grom s plavog neba.	lightning	0	0
It's fascinating how many sentences you can create with five words.	Fascinantno je koliko rečenica možeš da napraviš sa pet reči.	fascinating	0	0
I like romance novels.	Волим романтичне новеле.	romance	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	jumping	0	0
Pickpockets almost always work in groups.	Џепароши скоро увек раде у групама.	groups	0	0
Tom arrived exhausted.	Том је дошао измрцварен.	exhausted	0	0
Tom wants to testify.	Том хоће да сведочи.	testify	0	0
We studied.	Учили смо.	studied	0	0
I forgot my PIN.	Заборавио сам шифру.	pin	0	0
What happened was worse than anything Tom had imagined would happen.	Оно што се десило је било горе од свега што је Том замишљао да би могло да се деси.	imagined	0	0
Tom knows the drill.	Tom zna proceduru.	drill	0	0
What are you investigating?	Шта истражујеш?	investigating	0	0
Ye speak.	Говориш.	ye	0	0
When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	experienced	0	0
Elena won first prize.	Elana je osvojila prvu nagradu.	elena	0	0
That elegant gold plated chain with hearts is a necklace that will "rock your world".	Taj elegantni pozlaćeni lančić sa srcima je ogrlica koja će "uzdrmati tvoj svet".	necklace	0	0
You eat too much junk food.	Jedeš previše nezdrave hrane.	junk	0	0
Tom often cries.	Том често плаче.	cries	0	0
I lived a couple of blocks away from Tom when we were kids.	Живела сам на неколико блокова од Тома када смо били деца.	blocks	0	0
My fluency is sufficient for many situations, but not for expressing my — often contradictory — emotions.	Moje tečno poznavanje jezika je dovoljno za mnoge situacije, ali ne i za iskazivanje mojih, često međusobno kontradiktornih, emocija.	emotions	0	0
We've only just begun.	Tek smo počeli.	begun	0	0
Tom is currently serving three years in prison.	Том тренутно одлежава казну од три године у затвору.	serving	0	0
You're taking a lot for granted.	Много тога узимаш здраво за готово.	granted	0	0
I like jazz.	Волим џез.	jazz	0	0
There are 1,000 English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.	U ovom rečniku se napisane 1000 reči uz to da sve one moraju biti zapamćene do jula.	july	0	0
Breathe deeper.	Диши дубље.	deeper	0	0
Tom isn't your typical high school student.	Није ти Том типичан средњошколац.	typical	0	0
Stop kicking me.	Престани да ме шутираш.	kicking	0	0
I'll obey.	Slušaću.	obey	0	0
I'm a dancer.	Ја сам плесач.	dancer	0	0
Could you pass me the remote?	Možeš li da mi dodaš daljinski?	remote	0	0
I have two daughters.	Imam dve ćerke.	daughters	0	0
Latin is a dead language.	Latinski je mrtav jezik.	latin	0	0
I had great teachers.	Имао сам одличне учитеље.	teachers	0	0
I'm sorry you had to get dragged into this.	Žao mi je što si se upleo u ovo.	dragged	0	0
Hello parent!	Здраво, родитељу!	parent	0	0
Tom Jackson's first album didn't get a lot of attention.	Први албум Тома Џексона није добио много пажње.	album	0	0
I compared notes with Tom.	Разменио сам идеје са Томом.	compared	0	0
I've just washed up, and now I've got to take the rubbish out.	Таман сам се окупао, и сад морам да идем да избацим ђубре.	rubbish	0	0
It would be helpful if you could do that for me.	Značilo bi mi ako bi to mogao da mi uradiš.	helpful	0	0
These customs kept all devout Christians together and in sync for several decades.	Ови обичаји су одржавале све побожне Хришћане синхронизоване неколико деценија.	sync	0	0
Look at that one there. He's such a lazy bum!	Vidi ga! Koja lenština!	bum	0	0
Time passes quickly.	Време брзо пролази.	passes	0	0
The enemy occupied the fort.	Непријатељ је заузео тврђаву.	fort	0	0
I've had to make some tough choices.	Morao sam da donesem neke teške odluke.	choices	0	0
Tom suggested a quick game of tennis before supper.	Том је предложио брзински тениски меч пре вечере.	supper	0	0
Don't smoke. Smoking can shorten your penis.	Nemoj da pušiš. Pušenje može da ti skrati penis.	penis	0	0
Tom was the only one who didn't have an alibi.	Том је био једини који није имао алиби.	alibi	0	0
Santa lives at the North Pole.	Деда Мраз живи на северном полу.	pole	0	0
A coke, please.	Кока-колу, хвала.	coke	0	0
He is a scientist.	Он је научник.	scientist	0	0
A snowplow tried to keep the highway near Oslo free of snow on Thursday morning.	Kamion za čišćenje snega je pokušavao da održava autoput u blizini Osla bez snega u četvrtak ujutru.	highway	0	0
It's important to eat a balanced diet.	Важно је имати уравнотежену исхрану.	diet	0	0
When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	liberty	0	0
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.	Свако има право на заштиту моралних и материјалних интереса који проистичу из било ког научног, књижевног или уметничког дела чији је он творац.	moral	0	0
Tom never got an award.	Том никад није добио награду.	award	0	0
Tom isn't thirsty.	Том није жедан.	thirsty	0	0
You can upgrade your computer with more random access memory to make the PC faster.	Možeš da apgrejduješ svoj računar sa više RAM memorije da ubrzaš svoj PC.	random	0	0
The police detained several suspects for questioning.	Policija je privela nekoliko osumnjičenih na ispitivanje.	suspects	0	0
Tom never had any intention of doing that.	Tom nikad nije nameravao da uradi to.	intention	0	0
She is active.	Активна је.	active	0	0
Companies that spend more time and money on development tools have higher productivity and sell more.	Kompanije koje provode više vremena i novca na alatima za razvoj, imaju veću produktivnost i veću prodaju.	tools	0	0
There was slush on the road where the car, which had summer tires, was being driven.	Bila je bljuzgavica na putu gde je izleteo automobil sa letnjim gumama.	driven	0	0
I think that Tom has a headache.	Мислим да Том има главобољу.	headache	0	0
I hope Tom gets back safely.	Nadam se da će Tom bezbedno da se vrati.	safely	0	0
I like to wear my skirts knee length.	Volim da nosim suknje dužine do kolena.	knee	0	0
I read a very interesting novel yesterday.	Јуче сам прочитао веома занимљиву књигу.	novel	0	0
Still waters run deep.	Тиха вода брег рони.	waters	0	0
Air is invisible.	Ваздух је невидљив.	invisible	0	0
How peaceful!	Како мирно!	peaceful	0	0
Stop humming.	Престани да мумлаш.	humming	0	0
I washed my face.	Умила сам се.	washed	0	0
Tom drives.	Том вози.	drives	0	0
Am I talented?	Да ли сам ја талентована?	talented	0	0
I hope that I can get financial aid.	Надам се да могу да добијем финансијску помоћ.	aid	0	0
An elephant has a long nose.	Слон има дугачак нос.	elephant	0	0
It's quite likely that FIFA is rotten to the core.	Veoma je verovatno da je FIFA trula do srži.	core	0	0
I got my house painted.	Окречио сам кућу.	painted	0	0
To err is human, to forgive divine.	Људски је грешити, божански опраштати.	divine	0	0
We're in a traffic jam.	Заглављени смо у шпицу.	jam	0	0
I like goat cheese.	Волим козји сир.	goat	0	0
The Haskell Free Library and Opera House was built on the border between Canada and the United States.	Besplatna biblioteka Haskel i Opera haus sagrađeni su na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	opera	0	0
I'm guessing you already know the answer to that.	Претпостављам да већ знате одговор на то.	guessing	0	0
No objection.	Нема примедби.	objection	0	0
That whiskey is very strong.	Тај виски је веома јак.	whiskey	0	0
I prefer a tent with storm flaps and intersecting tent poles to provide stability against wind and resistance against the weight of snow, and it must be a two-layer tent.	Više volim šator sa olujnim pokrivačem, zajedno sa ukrštenim šipkama zbog stabilnosti na vetru i snežnih nanosa, i ovo mora da bude dvoslojni šator.	resistance	0	0
I've attached a PDF file of my resume.	У прилогу шаљем PDF свог CV-ја.	attached	0	0
Be brief.	Буди кратка.	brief	0	0
They wanted to punish me.	Htele su da me kazne.	punish	0	0
Do you believe in eternal life?	Da li veruješ u večni život?	eternal	0	0
The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.	Najveći izazov sa kojim će se projekat suočiti jeste dostupnost radnika sa sposobnostima koje su potrebne da bi projekat doživeo procvat.	required	0	0
That was fabulous.	То је било чаробно.	fabulous	0	0
We saw the twins yesterday.	Видели смо близанце јуче.	twins	0	0
For a bit of a change from red meat, for tonight I've cooked turkey breasts in mushroom sauce.	Da bi promenio crveno meso, skuvao sam ćureće grudi u sosu od pečuraka za večeras.	cooked	0	0
I've always dreamed of becoming an astronaut.	Одувек сам сањао о томе да постанем астронаут.	dreamed	0	0
You are naughty.	Перверзан си.	naughty	0	0
I thought I'd been stabbed.	Pomislio sam da sam izboden.	stabbed	0	0
My father threatened to wash my mouth out with soap.	Отац ми је претио да ће ми опрати уста сапуном.	soap	0	0
After the game, Tom went back to the locker room without speaking to anyone.	После игре, Том се вратио у свлачионицу не проговоривши ни речи ни са ким.	locker	0	0
Companies that spend more time and money on development tools have higher productivity and sell more.	Kompanije koje provode više vremena i novca na alatima za razvoj, imaju veću produktivnost i veću prodaju.	development	0	0
Renewable energy is essential for limiting the increase of the global temperature.	Obnovljiva energija je od suštinskog značaja za ograničavanje povećanja globalne temperature.	global	0	0
I'm not bitter at all.	Uopšte nisam ogorčen.	bitter	0	0
This fits perfectly.	Ово се савршено уклапа.	fits	0	0
I prefer a tent with storm flaps and intersecting tent poles to provide stability against wind and resistance against the weight of snow, and it must be a two-layer tent.	Više volim šator sa olujnim pokrivačem, zajedno sa ukrštenim šipkama zbog stabilnosti na vetru i snežnih nanosa, i ovo mora da bude dvoslojni šator.	tent	0	0
Only two people voted for me, but Tom got more than ten votes.	Само двоје људи је гласало за мене, али Том је добио преко десет гласова.	votes	0	0
What is it you propose?	Šta predlažeš?	propose	0	0
Honestly, I've only had one advantage over most of the others, and that is that I've been good in constantly improving myself.	Iskreno, ja sam imao samo jednu prednost nad većinom drugih, a to je da sam bio dobar u tome da se stalno unapređujem.	constantly	0	0
Tom did very nicely.	Tom je dobro uradio.	nicely	0	0
Tom is a bundle of nerves.	Том је напет као струна.	nerves	0	0
Enough arguing!	Доста са свађом!	arguing	0	0
He was punished for child abuse.	Кажњен је због злостављања деце.	abuse	0	0
Food is essential for survival.	Hrana je neophodna za opstanak.	survival	0	0
Are these gloves yours?	Јесу ли ове рукавице твоје?	gloves	0	0
Bend your knee.	Клекни.	bend	0	0
The Boston Globe gave the film an unfavorable review.	"Boston Globe" je dao filmu lošu kritiku.	review	0	0
Tom and I have separated.	Том и ја смо се раставили.	separated	0	0
One day, I woke up to find that God had put hair on my face. I shaved it off. The next day, I found that God had put it back on my face, so I shaved it off again. On the third day, when I found that God had put hair back on my face again, I decided to let God have his way. That's why I have a beard.	Једног дана, пробудио сам се и схватио да ми је Бог ставио длаке на лице. Обријао сам их. Следећег дана, схватио сам да ми их је Бог вратио на лице, па сам их опет обријао. Трећег дана, када сам схватио да ми је Бог поново ставио длаке на лице, одлучио сам да попустим Богу. Зато имам браду.	beard	0	0
What is your salary?	Колика вам је плата?	salary	0	0
There is little doubt that the tightening of an already stripped system will have dramatic consequences for industry and municipalities in rural areas.	Postoji malo sumnje da će rezanje u već ogoljenom sistemu imati dramatične posledice za industriju i opštine u ruralnim oblastima.	areas	0	0
I was told not to disturb Tom.	Рекли су ми да не узнемиравам Тома.	disturb	0	0
They say these problems can be solved.	Кажу да ови проблеми могу да се реше.	solved	0	0
Pua sang.	Пуа је певала.	sang	0	0
Gimme three.	Дај три.	gimme	0	0
You've got broad shoulders.	Имате широка рамена.	shoulders	0	0
I burnt my tongue.	Opekla sam jezik.	burnt	0	0
The interview was recorded on video and shared all over the Internet.	Napravljen je video snimak intervjua i objavljen je širom interneta.	recorded	0	0
A mustache grows on the upper lip.	Brkovi rastu na gornjoj usni.	upper	0	0
I think that counts.	Мислим да се то рачуна.	counts	0	0
That's an old tale.	То је стара прича.	tale	0	0
Tom opened a new restaurant, but it didn't turn a profit in the first twelve months.	Tom je otvorio novi restoran, ali nije uspeo da zaradi od njega tokom prvih dvanaest meseci.	profit	0	0
He was my colleague.	On je bio moj kolega.	colleague	0	0
Tom is in the warehouse.	Tom je u skladištu.	warehouse	0	0
I'm being held hostage.	Drže me kao taoca.	hostage	0	0
If there is no porn of it, porn will be made of it.	Ako ne postoji pornić sa tim, pornić će biti napravljen sa tim.	porn	0	0
Multiply three by five to get fifteen.	Помножено три са пет добије се петнаест.	fifteen	0	0
Do you get many visitors?	Imate li mnogo posetilaca?	visitors	0	0
Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	cities	0	0
Tom fell asleep while driving, causing an accident.	Том се успавао док је возио, и тако проузроковао несрећу.	causing	0	0
Lemon is sour.	Лимун је кисео.	lemon	0	0
Let's appeal to the people to see what they'll say.	Hajde da apelujemo na ljude da vidimo šta će reći.	appeal	0	0
Three men remain in critical condition.	Тројица мушкараца остаје у критичном стању.	critical	0	0
We can look at a suit-clad Tom at a black grand piano, moving his fingers dramatically, creating music that is very pleasant to listen to.	Možemo da gledamo Toma u odelu, za crnim velikim klavirom sa dramatičnim potezima prstiju, stvarajući muziku koja je vrlo prijatno slušati.	creating	0	0
Should Scotland be an independent country?	Treba li da Škotska postane nezavisna zemlja?	scotland	0	0
I had a lot of pillow fights during my school trip.	Bio sam na mnogo tuči jastukom tokom moje školske ekskurzije.	fights	0	0
Many birds are on the branch.	Mnogo ptica je na grani.	branch	0	0
Are you happily married?	Да ли сте срећни у браку=	happily	0	0
They couldn't travel because a problem occurred.	Oni nisu mogli da putuju, jer se dogodio problem.	occurred	0	0
I don't want any beans.	Ne želim nikakav pasulj.	beans	0	0
Is Tom getting a raw deal?	Da li je Tom izvukao deblji kraj?	raw	0	0
I only read the first few pages.	Прочитала сам само првих неколико страница.	pages	0	0
Tom is tense.	Том је под тензијом.	tense	0	0
I like writing songs about relationships.	Volim da pišem pesme o vezama.	relationships	0	0
The beautiful blonde was sunbathing on the beach.	Прелепа плавуша сунчала се на плажи.	blonde	0	0
The mouse dreams of catching the cat.	Миш сања о томе да улови мачку.	catching	0	0
This house straddles the border between Canada and the United States.	Ova kuća nalazi se na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	canada	0	0
"Marco!" "Polo!"	"Марко!" "Поло!"	marco	0	0
Stop whistling.	Престаните да звиждите.	whistling	0	0
A few old buildings need to be demolished.	Potrebno je da se sruši nekoliko starih kuća.	buildings	0	0
I thought it wasn't appropriate.	Mislio sam da nije prikladno.	appropriate	0	0
That's quite remarkable.	To je prilično izvanredno.	remarkable	0	0
Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.	Merin entuzijazam za kurs je opao kada se njen omiljeni predavač odselio.	transferred	0	0
This is a symbol.	Ово је симбол.	symbol	0	0
He couldn't start the motor.	Није могао да упали мотор.	motor	0	0
Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	employees	0	0
I've seen just now that the ambassador of Saudi Arabia has resigned.	Upravo sam video da je ambasador Saudi Arabije dao ostavku.	ambassador	0	0
My mother isn't like other mothers.	Moja majka nije kao druge majke.	mothers	0	0
Tom is feeding the dog.	Том храни пса.	feeding	0	0
They have enhanced security checks and are prepared for the worst.	Oni su poboljšali bezbednosne provere, i pripremljeni su za najgore.	checks	0	0
Bears are very dangerous.	Medvedi su veoma opasni.	bears	0	0
I like oatmeal cookies.	Волим овсене колачиће.	cookies	0	0
You're here awfully early today.	Danas si užasno poranila.	awfully	0	0
I stepped outside for a smoke.	Изашао сам напоље на цигару.	stepped	0	0
He put away his toys.	Склонио је своје играчке.	toys	0	0
There are different ways of measuring levels of proficiency in a language.	Постоје различити начини на које може да се мери ниво познавања језика.	levels	0	0
I think differently now.	Сада размишљам другачије.	differently	0	0
The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	magnificent	0	0
I'm one of the leaders.	Ја сам један од вођа.	leaders	0	0
I love this expression.	Обожавам овај израз.	expression	0	0
I'm currently at home.	Kući sam trenutno.	currently	0	0
Is this tooth sensitive to cold food?	Da li je ovaj zub osetljiv na hladnu hranu?	tooth	0	0
I often get depressed.	Често паднем у депресију.	depressed	0	0
I don't like potatoes.	Не волим кромпире.	potatoes	0	0
We can utilize the resources of this vast region by distributing tasks among ourselves.	Možemo da iskoristimo resurse ovog ogromnog regiona tako što raspodelimo zadatke između sebe.	resources	0	0
I know that adding sentences only in your native or strongest language is probably not as much fun as practicing writing foreign languages, but please don't add sentences to the Tatoeba Corpus if you are not absolutely sure they are correct. If you want to practice languages that you are studying, please do so by using a website designed for that purpose such as www.lang-8.com.	Знам да додавање реченица само на матерњем језику или језику који најбоље познајете није баш забавно колико и вежбање писања на страним језицима, али молим вас да не додајете реченице на Татоебу ако нисте потпуно сигурни да су тачне. Ако желите да вежбате језик који учите, молим вас да то радите на сајтовима који су предвиђени за ту намену, као што је www.lang-8.com.	native	0	0
Does Tom write poetry?	Пише ли Том поезију?	poetry	0	0
This sentence allows for multiple interpretations that I had to consider when translating.	Ova rečenica dopušta više interpretacija o kojima sam morao da vodim računa tokom prevođenja.	multiple	0	0
Does Tom have cable?	Ima li Tom kablovsku?	cable	0	0
I moved to Boston shortly after graduating from college.	Преселио сам се у Бостон мало након што сам завршио факултет.	shortly	0	0
Buzz off.	Одлепршај.	buzz	0	0
Tom has never worn the socks that I gave him for Christmas.	Том никада није носио чарапе које сам му дала за Божић.	socks	0	0
The only evidence was the fingerprints on the window.	Jedini dokaz su bili otisci prstiju na prozoru.	fingerprints	0	0
She looks like a Greek goddess.	Ona izgleda kao grčka boginja.	goddess	0	0
Chin up!	Главу горе!	chin	0	0
Tom still seems anxious.	Tom još uvek izgleda zabrinuto.	anxious	0	0
Tom was on the basketball team when he was in high school.	Том је био на кошаркашком тиму док је био у средњој школи.	basketball	0	0
Many promises were made.	Много тога је обећано.	promises	0	0
The teacher explained the meaning of the word to us.	Наставник нам је објаснио значење речи.	explained	0	0
"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	appearance	0	0
I come from a musical family.	Долазим из музикалне породице.	musical	0	0
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.	Jednostavnost je krajnja prefinjenost.	ultimate	0	0
Does Tom like pork?	Да ли Том воли свињетину?	pork	0	0
All communication is translation.	Svaka je komunikacija prevod.	communication	0	0
The payment for labor and return on invested capital was several millions.	Iznos za obavljeni posao i interes na uloženi kapital su bili nekoliko milona.	payment	0	0
I'll start the paperwork.	Почећу са папирологијом.	paperwork	0	0
I'm lazy.	Лењ сам.	lazy	0	0
They are actors.	Глумци су.	actors	0	0
Tom and Mary once jumped together from Pulpit Rock with a parachute. It was a short but magical experience.	Tom i Marija su zajedno skočili sa Preikestolna sa padobranom. To je bilo kratak, ali magični doživljaj.	magical	0	0
Even a chief detective like Tom fails in doing his job, without the huge help of colleagues and associates.	Čak ni glavni detektiv kao Tom ne može da savlada sve probleme bez značajne pomoći kolega i saradnika.	colleagues	0	0
I admire you for your courage.	Divim se vašoj hrabrosti.	admire	0	0
Pride tends to develop into hubris, which is close kin to madness.	Ponos teži da postane oholost, koja je blizak rod ludosti.	madness	0	0
Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes.	Škole i putevi su usluge koje se plaćaju porezom.	roads	0	0
Free entry.	Бесплатан улаз.	entry	0	0
There is a danger of serious injury if these precautions are not followed.	Postoji opasnost od ozbiljnih povreda ukoliko se ove mere predostrožnosti ne ispoštuju.	injury	0	0
Dr. Jackson has a good bedside manner.	Др Џексон има добар однос према пацијенту.	manner	0	0
The water was freezing.	Вода се ледила.	freezing	0	0
Never attempt to mount or even to try the bicycle unless the saddle is properly secured and immovable.	Немојте покушавајти да се попнете на бициклу, чак ни пробе ради, ако седиште није исправно учвршћено и непокретно.	mount	0	0
The battery died.	Батерија је умрла.	battery	0	0
We had chocolate ice cream for dessert.	Појели смо чоколадни сладолед за дезерт.	dessert	0	0
We visited the hippodrome. We visited the horse racecourse.	Посетили смо хиподром. Посетили смо тркалиште за коње.	visited	0	0
We are going to the cinema.	Idemo u bioskop.	cinema	0	0
Tom is fond of Mary.	Мери је драга Тому.	fond	0	0
Tom was halfway out the door when the phone rang.	Том је делимично прошао кроз врата када је телефон зазвонио.	halfway	0	0
I took my rifle out of its case.	Извадио сам пушку из футроле.	rifle	0	0
I was at the reception.	Bila sam na recepciji.	reception	0	0
I like this statue.	Свиђа ми се ова статуа.	statue	0	0
There's some milk in the fridge.	Има нешто млека у фрижидеру.	fridge	0	0
The house is made of brick.	Кућа је направљена од цигле.	brick	0	0
Abandon ship.	Напустите брод.	abandon	0	0
I recommend that you don't go there by yourself.	Предлажем ти да не идеш тамо сама.	recommend	0	0
Brush your teeth.	Опери зубе.	brush	0	0
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	concept	0	0
I'll be in my quarters.	Biću u svojoj četvrti.	quarters	0	0
Can you pick me up at the mall?	Можеш ли да ме покушиш код тржног центра?	mall	0	0
Is there any water in the bucket?	Има ли воде у кофи?	bucket	0	0
The description Tom gave was very detailed.	Опис који је Том дао је био веома детаљан.	description	0	0
I have a badge.	Имам беџ.	badge	0	0
Measure twice, cut once!	Dvaput meri, jednom seci!	measure	0	0
The payment for labor and return on invested capital was several millions.	Iznos za obavljeni posao i interes na uloženi kapital su bili nekoliko milona.	labor	0	0
I gave the waiter a good tip.	Дајем конобару добар бакшиш.	waiter	0	0
Give food to the homeless.	Dajte hranu beskućnicima.	homeless	0	0
How unfortunate!	Baš šteta!	unfortunate	0	0
Try to log in now.	Пробај сад да се пријавиш.	log	0	0
All future meetings will be held in this room.	Svi budući sastanci će biti održani u ovoj sobi.	meetings	0	0
We have to learn the whole poem by heart.	Moramo da naučimo celu pesmu napamet.	poem	0	0
Where did you buy this nail polish?	Где си купила овај лак за нокте?	polish	0	0
I handed a shovel to Tom.	Пружила сам лопату Тому.	handed	0	0
I have tons of friends.	Имам гомилу пријатеља.	tons	0	0
A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	satellite	0	0
The eagle is king of birds.	Орао је цар птица.	eagle	0	0
Read chapter three by Monday.	Прочитај поглавље три до понедељка.	chapter	0	0
They are treating me like a child.	Tretiraju me kao da sam dete.	treating	0	0
Wisdom is necessary to understand wisdom: music does not exist to a deaf audience.	Mudrost je potrebna da bi se mudrost razumela: muzika ne postoji za gluvu publiku.	wisdom	0	0
It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is stolen.	Kasno je zatvoriti vrata štale kad je konj već ukraden.	barn	0	0
After that newspaper wrote that no farmer wanted to work as a tenant in Vestfold, interest has skyrocketed.	Pošto što su te novine bile pisale o tome da ni jedan zemljoradnik ne želi da radi kao zakupac u Vestfoldu, interesovanje je naglo poraslo.	farmer	0	0
Such a project has of course demanded a revised budget.	Takav je projekat naravno zahtevao rebalans budžeta.	budget	0	0
We were sitting with Tom in a pub, drinking beer.	Седели смо са Томом у пабу и пили пиво.	pub	0	0
A temporary repair usually takes considerable time, and should never be attempted unless there is nothing else to be done.	Привремена поправка обично захтева доста времена, и не треба јој прибегавати, осим у случају да није могуће урадити ништа друго.	temporary	0	0
A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.	Nova grana ka Haugesundu će postati glavna efektivna putna veza ka Oslu i Istočnoj Norveškoj za ceo zapadni region.	effective	0	0
It was a beautiful marriage proposal.	Просидба је била дивна.	proposal	0	0
I hope Tom sticks around.	Nadam se da će Tom ostati ovde.	sticks	0	0
The police searched Tom's house for three hours, but they didn't find anything.	Полиција је Томову кућу претраживала три сата, али ништа нису пронашли.	searched	0	0
We have all received one blessing after another from the fullness of his grace.	Svi mi primismo blagoslov za blagoslovom od svemoguće njene milosti.	blessing	0	0
We talk on the phone on a regular basis.	Редовно причамо телефоном.	basis	0	0
Imitation of gestures, actions and manners may or may not be a conscious act.	Imitiranje gestova, radnji i ponašanja može biti, ali nije obavezno, svestan čin.	manners	0	0
Tom'll recover.	Tom će da se oporavi.	recover	0	0
You always twist what I say.	Ti uvek izvrćeš ono što ja kažem.	twist	0	0
Now we come to the first agenda item.	Sada dolazimo do prve stavke sa liste.	item	0	0
Mary is Catholic, but her boyfriend is an atheist.	Meri je katolik, ali njen dečko je ateista.	catholic	0	0
Tom is a retired general.	Том је генерал у пензији.	retired	0	0
Gold is the king of kings.	Zlato je kralj nad kraljevima.	kings	0	0
Does this affect Tom?	Утиче ли ово на Тома?	affect	0	0
Forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.	Zabranjeno voće je uvek najslađe!	forbidden	0	0
Drops dripped.	Капљице су капале.	drops	0	0
A simple multi-stage adjustment of the air flow is provided electronically.	Elektronika obezbeđuje višestepeno i jednostavno prilagođavanje protoka vazduha.	provided	0	0
Tom fell eight meters.	Том је пао осам метара.	meters	0	0
Humor them.	Забавите их.	humor	0	0
I've had a difficult time after Tom was abruptly torn from me.	Bilo mi je teško kada je Tom bio naglo otrgnut od mene.	torn	0	0
I sent Tom an e-mail, asking him what he thought.	Послао сам мејл Тому и питао га шта мисли.	e-mail	0	0
Rabies is probably introduced periodically by polar foxes on drift ice from Siberia.	Verovatno do periodičnog pojavljivanje besnila dolazi jer plutajući led sa Sibira može da nosi polarne lisice na njima.	introduced	0	0
Be creative.	Буди креативан.	creative	0	0
Watch out! There are five hungry Soviet cows in the garden!	Pazi! U bašti je pet gladnih sovjetskih krava.	soviet	0	0
The company deals in various goods.	Компаније послује разним добрима.	various	0	0
Your sentence was not added because the following already exists.	Твоја реченица није додата јер следеће већ постоје.	added	0	0
Researchers believe that discovery always comes like a bolt from the blue.	Naučnici veruju da pronalazak uvek dolazi kao grom iz vedra neba.	discovery	0	0
Are you a real cowboy?	Јеси ли ти прави каубој?	cowboy	0	0
Tom suspected that it might be too late.	Том је имао сумње да је можда прекасно.	suspected	0	0
Tom suggested a quick game of tennis before supper.	Том је предложио брзински тениски меч пре вечере.	suggested	0	0
She was very delighted with my gift.	Обрадовала се мом поклону.	delighted	0	0
A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	radar	0	0
We can utilize the resources of this vast region by distributing tasks among ourselves.	Možemo da iskoristimo resurse ovog ogromnog regiona tako što raspodelimo zadatke između sebe.	vast	0	0
Tom named his hamster Cookie.	Том је назвао свог хрчка Куки.	cookie	0	0
Where is the Avis counter?	Gde je Avis šalter?	counter	0	0
This old coin is very rare.	Овај стари новчић је веома редак.	coin	0	0
Slaves were treated like animals.	Према робовима су се понашали као према животињама.	slaves	0	0
She was still weak after her illness.	Још увек је била слаба после болести.	illness	0	0
I guess I'll hit the sack.	Идем на спавањац.	sack	0	0
I thus require an apology from the judge and I claim my insanity declared null and void.	Stoga zahtevam da mi se sudija izvini i zahtevam da se moje ludilo proglasi ništavnim.	require	0	0
Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan.	Saporo je peti najveći grad u Japanu.	largest	0	0
Have you finished washing the dishes?	Jesi li završio sa pranjem suđa?	washing	0	0
We highly recommend using one of three preset modes to achieve optimal results.	Najjače preporučujemo da koristite jedan od tri unapred definisana režima za postizanje optimalnih rezultata.	achieve	0	0
Speeding causes accidents.	Прекорачење брзине је узрок несрећа.	causes	0	0
Some of them were and are in constant danger due to political repression and persecution.	Neki od njih su bili i još uvek su u konstantnoj opasnosti zbog političke represije i progona.	constant	0	0
Medication and alcohol often don't mix.	Lekove uglavnom ne treba mešati sa alkoholom.	medication	0	0
Pigeons may be able to detect gravity anomalies.	Голубови можда могу да детектују аномалије у гравитацији.	gravity	0	0
We're all out of booze.	Svima nam je nestalo alkohola.	booze	0	0
Tom is saving money so he can go abroad.	Tom štedi da bi mogao da ide u inostranstvo.	abroad	0	0
It's still rising.	Још се диже.	rising	0	0
I carried out an analysis that showed that much more money would be needed than they had previously anticipated.	Sproveo sam analizu koja je pokazala da bi bilo potrebno mnogo više novca nego što su ranije očekivali.	analysis	0	0
Diamond cuts diamond.	Ударио тук на лук.	cuts	0	0
Tom eats fish.	Том једе рибу.	eats	0	0
They consider him a highly qualified employee.	Smatraju ga za visoko kvalifikovanog zaposlenog.	employee	0	0
The ship's hull is damaged.	Brodski trup je oštećen.	damaged	0	0
Solar power is a clean source of energy.	Solarna energija je čist izvog energije.	solar	0	0
He's almost six feet in height.	Он је висок скоро шест стопа.	height	0	0
I'm terrified.	Prestravljen sam.	terrified	0	0
Is this your suitcase?	Da li je ovo tvoj kofer?	suitcase	0	0
Digestion involves muscular action as well as chemical processes.	Варење укључује дејство мишића као и хемијске процесе.	chemical	0	0
What do you think, how long has Tom been preparing for the exam?	Šta misliš, koliko se dugo Tom spremao za ispit?	preparing	0	0
Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.	Proizvođači oružija treba da doniraju svoj novac organizacijama koje mogu da pomognu zemljama u ratu.	fund	0	0
She always wears flashy clothes.	Ona uvek nosi drečavu odeću.	wears	0	0
The World Wide Web was invented by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989.	Svetsku mrežu je izumeo 1989. godine Tom Berners Li.	web	0	0
I've been working in Australia since last October.	Радим у Аустралији од прошлог октобра.	october	0	0
I assumed that you were busy.	Pretpostavio sam da si zauzet.	assumed	0	0
A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.	Nova grana ka Haugesundu će postati glavna efektivna putna veza ka Oslu i Istočnoj Norveškoj za ceo zapadni region.	region	0	0
He lost his temper and shouted at me.	Izgubio je živce i izdrao se na mene.	temper	0	0
And I thought you were open to new ideas and open-minded discussion.	A ja sam bio mislio da si otvoren za nove ideje i nepristrasnu raspravu.	discussion	0	0
Fire engines have priority over other vehicles.	Vatrogasna vozila imaju prednost u odnosu na ostala vozila.	engines	0	0
One way to get vitamin D is from sunshine.	Један начин да се унесе витамин D јесте излагањем сунцу.	sunshine	0	0
He acted foolishly.	Понашао се глупо.	acted	0	0
I've always liked horror movies.	Oduvek sam voleo horor-filmove.	horror	0	0
Smash it.	Смрскај га.	smash	0	0
Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	contrary	0	0
She grew roses.	Узгајала је руже.	roses	0	0
Poker is one of Tom's favorite games.	Покер је једна од Томових омиљених игара.	poker	0	0
I like Korean food.	Волим корејску храну.	korean	0	0
Keep focused.	Останите усредсређени.	focused	0	0
How tragic!	Kakva tragedija!	tragic	0	0
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.	Ni sneg ni kiša ni toplota ni sumornost noći neće ove kurire zaustaviti u svojim obilascima.	rounds	0	0
A large crowd of people gathered.	Velika grupa ljudi se okupila.	gathered	0	0
He was crossing the street.	Прелазио је улицу.	crossing	0	0
I'm very sensitive to cold. May I have another blanket?	Много сам осетљив на хладноћу. Могу ли да добијем још једно ћебе?	blanket	0	0
This is a nut.	Ово је орах.	nut	0	0
He was standing with his hands in his pockets.	Стајао је са рукама у џеповима.	pockets	0	0
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited.	Mašta je važnija od znanja. Znanje je ograničeno.	limited	0	0
I showed Tom my paintings.	Показала сам Тому своје слике.	paintings	0	0
The great Roman hero, Julius Caesar, was assassinated.	Велики римски херој, Јулије Цезар, је убијен.	caesar	0	0
It had an effect very different from the one intended.	Imalo je dosta drugačiji efekat od nameravanog.	intended	0	0
Ania is interested in computers.	Ану занимају рачунари.	computers	0	0
You can't play tennis on windy days.	Ne možeš da igraš tenis u vetrovitim danima.	tennis	0	0
That was a very delicate situation.	То је била веома деликатна ситуација,	delicate	0	0
How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	independent	0	0
A temporary repair usually takes considerable time, and should never be attempted unless there is nothing else to be done.	Привремена поправка обично захтева доста времена, и не треба јој прибегавати, осим у случају да није могуће урадити ништа друго.	repair	0	0
The enquiry concluded that, despite his denials, the chief executive would have had to have known about the illegal practices occurring in the company.	Istragom je ustanovljeno da je, uprkos svom poricanju, šef morao da zna sve o nelegalnim zbivanjima u njegovoj kompaniji.	executive	0	0
I recognized him at first glance.	Препознао сам га на први поглед.	recognized	0	0
I was very interested in taking part in building a stronger academic curriculum regarding programming.	Bio sam vrlo zainteresovan da učestvujem u izgradnji intezivnijeg akademskog plana za programiranje.	regarding	0	0
It's not a weakness.	То није слабост.	weakness	0	0
Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	european	0	0
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	method	0	0
Tom dried off with a large towel.	Том се обрисао великим пешкиром.	towel	0	0
Nowadays long skirts are not fashionable.	У данашње време, дугачке сукње нису модерне.	nowadays	0	0
The spider is spinning a web.	Pauk plete mrežu.	spider	0	0
I'm from northern Australia.	Из северне Аустралије сам.	northern	0	0
The zoo will likely be crowded tomorrow.	Сутра ће вероватно бити гужве у зоолошком врту.	zoo	0	0
I've been praying for you.	Molio sam se za vas.	praying	0	0
Were there many passengers on the bus?	Да ли је било много путника у аутобусу?	passengers	0	0
I fled to Australia to avoid arrest.	Побегла сам у Аустралију да избегнем хапшење.	australia	0	0
I don't have a cellphone anymore.	Više nemam mobilni telefon.	cellphone	0	0
That was an evil bunny.	To je bio zli zec.	bunny	0	0
The sun was shining, yet it was cold.	Sunce je sijalo, a ipak je bilo hladno.	shining	0	0
He plays the role of Macbeth with great skill.	Он мајсторски игра улогу Магбета.	skill	0	0
I believe Tom had something to do with the kidnapping.	Верујем да је Том некако умешан у киднаповање.	kidnapping	0	0
Tom isn't petty.	Tom nije lep.	petty	0	0
After writing the letter, Tom put it in an envelope and sealed it.	Kada je napisao pismo, Tom ga je stavio u kovertu i zalepio je.	sealed	0	0
He acknowledged me by raising his hat.	Поздравио ме је подигнувши шешир.	raising	0	0
Could you bring us the menu?	Можеш ли да нам донесеш мени?	menu	0	0
Does Tom keep a diary?	Да ли Том води дневник?	diary	0	0
You have to have an audition before you can join the choir.	Moraš da odeš na audiciju pre nego što se pridružiš horu.	audition	0	0
Does Tom like Mexican food?	Да ли се Тому свиђа мексичка храна?	mexican	0	0
I don't eat bacon.	Не једем сланину.	bacon	0	0
How do you say XXX in Dutch?	Како се каже XXX на холандском језику?	dutch	0	0
Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	promotion	0	0
To register, click here.	За регистрацију, кликните овде.	click	0	0
She burst into laughter.	Праснула је у смех.	burst	0	0
The change will be permanent.	Промена ће бити трајна.	permanent	0	0
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.	Nikada nisam dozvolio da moje školovanje ometa moje obrazovanje.	interfere	0	0
Are you fully recovered?	Jesi li se potpuno oporavila?	recovered	0	0
Are you registered?	Да ли си регистрован?	registered	0	0
It's sunny again.	Опет је сунчано.	sunny	0	0
We need to finish packing.	Moramo da završimo pakovanje.	packing	0	0
The police detained several suspects for questioning.	Policija je privela nekoliko osumnjičenih na ispitivanje.	questioning	0	0
They unanimously concluded that he had violated the rules against unfair imitation as well as good business practices under marketing law.	Jednoglasno su zaključili da je on prekršio pravila o nelojalnoj imitaciji i dobre poslovne prakse u zakonu o reklamiranju.	unfair	0	0
Mary admitted she wasn't perfect.	Мери је признала да није савршена.	admitted	0	0
I think Tom is polite.	Mislim da je Tom učtiv.	polite	0	0
Have you completed your homework?	Da li si završio svoj domaći zadatak?	completed	0	0
Swallow your pride!	Progutaj ponos!	swallow	0	0
Take a sheet of paper and write!	Uzmi papir i piši!	sheet	0	0
Yum. Fried cheese.	Њам! Похован сир.	fried	0	0
The police think that Mary poisoned her husband.	Policija misli da je Meri otrovala svog muža.	poisoned	0	0
I put my car in reverse.	Кренуо сам у рикверц.	reverse	0	0
When Tom was a teenager, he earned money delivering newspapers.	Kada je Tom bio tinejdžer, zarađivao je raznoseći novine.	newspapers	0	0
The Committee recommended that those complaining should be reimbursed with a proportionate share of the annual fee with interest.	Komitet preporučuje da oni koji su se žalili treba da budu nadoknađeni sa proporcionalnim delom godišnje naknade sa kamatama.	complaining	0	0
It does not constitute an investment advice.	To je predstavlja investicioni savet.	investment	0	0
This is an absurd situation.	То је апсурдна ситуација.	absurd	0	0
Everyone likes potato chips.	Сви воле чипс од кромпира.	potato	0	0
Nobody understands me.	Нико ме не разуме.	understands	0	0
Tom grows many kinds of vegetables in his garden.	Том узгаја разне врсте поврћа у башти.	grows	0	0
Tatoeba boosts your confidence and you are inspired to try further.	Tatoeba ti podiže samopouzdanje i inspiriše te da nastaviš da se trudiš.	inspired	0	0
I'm celebrating.	Slavim.	celebrating	0	0
It's safer.	Bezbednije je.	safer	0	0
Because I've worn out my old coat I need to buy a new one.	Treba da kupim novi kaput jer mi se stari izlizao.	worn	0	0
My laptop keeps crashing on me.	Лаптоп ми стално цркава.	crashing	0	0
A cat always lands on its feet.	Мачка се увек дочека на ноге.	lands	0	0
Heather believes me.	Хедер ми верује.	heather	0	0
Tom bought a pair of black leather shoes.	Tom je kupio par crnih cipela.	leather	0	0
Tom bites his nails.	Tom gricka nokte.	nails	0	0
The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.	Budućnost izgleda mračno za Edmond Dantesa, pošto je postao žrtva zavere, on je osuđen za izdaju i poslat doživotno u zatvor.	conspiracy	0	0
Happy Thanksgiving Day.	Срећан Дан захвалности.	thanksgiving	0	0
This book costs 3,000 yen.	Ova knjiga košta 3000 jena.	yen	0	0
It's a misunderstanding.	То је неспоразум.	misunderstanding	0	0
A nail punctured the tire.	Ekser je probušio gumu.	tire	0	0
We're all adults.	Сви смо одрасли.	adults	0	0
Listen really closely.	Слушај ме веома пажљиво.	closely	0	0
A jawbreaker is a round candy, multi-layered like a pearl.	Jawbreaker je okrugla višeslojna bombona slično kao što je biser.	pearl	0	0
Do you guys play soccer?	Da li igrate fudbal?	soccer	0	0
Fire engines have priority over other vehicles.	Vatrogasna vozila imaju prednost u odnosu na ostala vozila.	priority	0	0
Tom seems like he's a lot happier now.	Том изгледа много срећнији сада.	happier	0	0
Which is larger, the sun or the earth?	Šta je veće, Sunce ili Zemlja?	larger	0	0
Tom laughed at the idea.	Tom se smejao ideji.	laughed	0	0
What are your concerns?	Oko čega se brinete?	concerns	0	0
Are you more sore feet or hands?	Да ли те више боле ноге или руке?	sore	0	0
She is unconscious.	Онесвестила се.	unconscious	0	0
I raise cattle.	Одгајам стоку.	cattle	0	0
For a bit of a change from red meat, for tonight I've cooked turkey breasts in mushroom sauce.	Da bi promenio crveno meso, skuvao sam ćureće grudi u sosu od pečuraka za večeras.	breasts	0	0
I'm fairly certain that Tom will help me do that.	Прилично сам сигуран да ће ми Том помоћи да урадим то.	fairly	0	0
The Committee recommended that those complaining should be reimbursed with a proportionate share of the annual fee with interest.	Komitet preporučuje da oni koji su se žalili treba da budu nadoknađeni sa proporcionalnim delom godišnje naknade sa kamatama.	fee	0	0
I didn't recognise the tune.	Nisam prepoznao melodiju.	recognise	0	0
After the summer holidays, the children have to go back to school.	Posle letnjeg raspusta, deca moraju da se vrate u školu.	holidays	0	0
It'll probably be raining all afternoon.	Вероватно ће целог поподнева падати киша.	raining	0	0
I feel awful about forgetting your birthday.	Осећам се ужасно што сам вам заборавио рођендан.	forgetting	0	0
To register, click here.	За регистрацију, кликните овде.	register	0	0
How long does a turtle live?	Koliko dugo živi kornjača?	turtle	0	0
Too many cooks spoil the broth.	Mnogo babica, kilavo dete.	spoil	0	0
This candidate is significantly better compared to his predecessor.	Ovaj kandidat je značajno bolji u poređenju sa njegovim prethodnikom.	candidate	0	0
She types well.	Она добро куца.	types	0	0
I panicked when I read that they expected big protests in Riyadh today, but then my wife reassured me, saying that she had just bought two bottles of olive oil, ensuring our living standard for months, even if oil prices were to explode.	Успаничио сам се када сам прочитао да су данас очекивали велике протесте у Ријаду, али ме је онда жена умирила, рекавши ми да је управо купила две боце маслиновог уља, тиме обезбедивши наш животни стандард за надолазеће месеце, чак и да цена нафте букне.	explode	0	0
I can't give you an immediate answer.	Не могу одмах да ти одговорим.	immediate	0	0
Tom knew that many of the cars in the parking lot belonged to students.	Том је знао да је много аутомобила са паркинга припадало студентима.	belonged	0	0
I identified myself.	Идентификовао сам се.	identified	0	0
Where's the closest shop?	Где је најближа радња?	closest	0	0
Pride tends to develop into hubris, which is close kin to madness.	Ponos teži da postane oholost, koja je blizak rod ludosti.	develop	0	0
Detectives are still investigating.	Детективи и даље истражују.	detectives	0	0
I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	severe	0	0
She was wearing a splendid outfit.	Носила је изврсну комбинацију.	splendid	0	0
Coming to work at 4 p.m. is not late.	Није касно доћи на посао у четири сата.	pm	0	0
What happened on Halloween?	Шта се десило за Ноћ вештица?	halloween	0	0
I'm vulnerable.	Рањива сам.	vulnerable	0	0
The rain continued to pour all day.	Kiša je nastavila da lije ceo dan.	continued	0	0
She was careful opening the drawer.	Пажљиво је отварала фиоку.	drawer	0	0
We must retreat.	Морамо да се повучемо.	retreat	0	0
I usually use a pillow.	Обично користим јастук.	pillow	0	0
I have an ace up my sleeve.	Имам кеца у рукаву.	ace	0	0
Don't put the cart before the horse.	Не трчи пред руду!	cart	0	0
Take a nap.	Odspavaj malo.	nap	0	0
How many slices of ham do you want?	Колико нарезака шунке хоћете?	ham	0	0
We'll announce the results as soon as we verify them.	Mi ćemo objaviti rezultate ćim ih verificiramo.	announce	0	0
I not only borrowed money from Tom, but I also borrowed money from his wife.	Не само да сам позајмио новац од Тома, већ сам позајмио новац и од његове жене.	borrowed	0	0
Tom parked his car next to mine.	Том је паркирао свој ауто поред мог.	parked	0	0
I voted.	Ја гласах.	voted	0	0
I usually wear jewelry.	Обично носим накит.	jewelry	0	0
Kisses!	Љубим те!	kisses	0	0
I helped Tom carry his luggage upstairs.	Помогао сам Тому да пртљаг однесе на спрат.	luggage	0	0
I thought Tom and you were buddies.	Мислио сам да сте Том и ти другари.	buddies	0	0
We sell clothing in our store.	Продајемо одећу у нашој продавници.	clothing	0	0
Motion denied.	Предлог се одбија.	denied	0	0
The twin sisters are alike as two peas in a pod.	Bliznakinje su slika i prilika.	alike	0	0
This is relative and ambiguous.	Ovo je relativno i dvosmisleno.	relative	0	0
I began taking photographs.	Почео сам да правим фотке.	photographs	0	0
You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.	Uništićeš vid ako stalno igraš igrice.	wreck	0	0
I'd approve.	Подржао бих.	approve	0	0
Whether to translate is a moral choice of the translator. Sometimes things are better to be left alone in the language which produced them.	Prevesti ili ne je moralni izbor prevodioca. Stvari nekad bolje zvuče ako ostanu takve kakve jesu u jeziku na kome su stvorene.	produced	0	0
He was there physically, but not mentally.	Био је присутан физички, али не и психички.	physically	0	0
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	spiritual	0	0
I'm not giving an inch.	Neću se mrdnuti ni santimetar.	inch	0	0
Tom is so rich that even his servants have servants.	Tom je tolko bogat da čak i njegove sluge imaju sluge.	servants	0	0
This is totally unexpected.	Ово је потпуно неочекивано.	unexpected	0	0
Stop whimpering.	Престани да се жалиш.	whimpering	0	0
Here they show up to enjoy themselves by the fountain with ice, beer and picnic basket.	Ovde se pojave da uživaju uz fontanu sa ledom, pivom i korpom za izlet.	basket	0	0
You should change your sheets.	Trebalo bi da promeniš čaršave.	sheets	0	0
We don't want any unnecessary scandal.	Не желимо никакав непотребни скандал.	scandal	0	0
One way scientists are following the spread of the brown marmorated stink bug is by setting traps.	Za Alžirijo je gas strateška dobrina.	stink	0	0
Watch your toes.	Пази на прсте.	toes	0	0
At that instant it exploded with a great noise.	U tom momentu, eksplodiralo je sa velikim praskom.	instant	0	0
How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	objects	0	0
Tomorrow's dress rehearsal starts at one o'clock.	Генерална проба почиње сутра у 13.00 часова.	rehearsal	0	0
You're disturbing me.	Ометаш ме.	disturbing	0	0
A thin person can remain thin and a fat person remain fat while exercising assiduously if the exercise is not properly directed.	Мршава особа може да остане мршава и девела особа може да остане дебела док посвећено вежба уколико та вежба није усмерена како треба.	directed	0	0
He was first subjected to a preliminary test with the new electronic breathalyzer before he was sent for a laboratory test.	On je prvo uradio preliminarni test sa novim elektronskim alko-testom, pre nego što je poslat na laboratorijsko testiranje.	electronic	0	0
Don't leave your Christmas lights on overnight.	Не остављај новогдишње лампице упаљене преко ноћи.	overnight	0	0
Sirens howled.	Сирене завијаше.	sirens	0	0
Don't take the bait.	Немој се упецати.	bait	0	0
That explains a lot of things.	То објашњава пуно тога.	explains	0	0
Lean forward.	Нагни се напред.	lean	0	0
I like to gossip.	Волим да трачарим.	gossip	0	0
I'm very humble.	Веома сам скроман.	humble	0	0
It was a great boost to the economy.	Bio je to veliki podsticaj za ekonomiju.	economy	0	0
I think Tom has been trying to impress me.	Mislim da se Tom trudio da me zadivi.	impress	0	0
Fist bump.	Поздрав песницом.	bump	0	0
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.	Ово је мали корак за човека, а огроман скок за човечанство.	mankind	0	0
I've attached the document that you requested.	Приложио сам документ који сте тражили.	document	0	0
You've got broad shoulders.	Имаш широка рамена.	broad	0	0
The street is lit.	Улица је осветљена.	lit	0	0
Mario and Luigi are brothers.	Mario i Luiđi su braća.	mario	0	0
Don't stare.	Nemojte da blejite.	stare	0	0
I had a puppy when I was a boy.	Imao sam kuče kada sam bio mali.	puppy	0	0
Speak louder.	Причај гласније.	louder	0	0
I'm the one who handled the problem.	Ja sam ta koja je rešila problem.	handled	0	0
You are under oath.	Под заклетвом си.	oath	0	0
This blouse is 100% cotton.	Ова блуза је 100% памук.	cotton	0	0
Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes.	Škole i putevi su usluge koje se plaćaju porezom.	taxes	0	0
Injuries will happen.	Повреде ће се дешавати.	injuries	0	0
I advise you to go to Australia with Tom.	Предлажем ти да одеш у Аустралију са Томом.	advise	0	0
The best lecture that you can attend is the one you won't understand.	Најбоље предавање ком можеш присуствовати је оно које не разумеш.	lecture	0	0
Tom posted some drink recipes on his blog.	Том је објавио неке рецепте за пића на свом блогу.	posted	0	0
Are you skinny?	Јеси ли мршав?	skinny	0	0
Does that price include breakfast?	Да ли је у цену урачунат доручак?	include	0	0
The lie has been revealed.	Laž je otkrivena.	revealed	0	0
Some infected people never even get sick.	Неки инфицирани људи се никад ни не разболе.	infected	0	0
I feel relieved.	Сад ми је лакше.	relieved	0	0
Does Tom need assistance?	Треба ли Тому помоћ?	assistance	0	0
Look elsewhere.	Погледај негде другде.	elsewhere	0	0
Turn on the lamp.	Укључи лампу.	lamp	0	0
The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	practical	0	0
You are adorable.	Пресладак си.	adorable	0	0
Do you have rubber boots?	Да ли имаш гумене чизме?	rubber	0	0
A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	operating	0	0
"I was killed by too powerful a word!" said the poet.	Уби ме прејака реч! - рече песник.	poet	0	0
Press the right arrow key to continue.	Притисните стрелицу удесно да на наставите.	arrow	0	0
We must replace this moth-eaten carpet.	Moramo da zamenimo ovaj tepih koji su izjeli moljci.	carpet	0	0
Yuck, there's a hair floating in the soup.	Бљак, длака плива у супи.	floating	0	0
I stand corrected.	Признајем грешку.	corrected	0	0
The post office is located in the center of the town.	Пошта се налази у центру града.	located	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	journalist	0	0
He insisted.	Инсистирао је.	insisted	0	0
I'd like you to rely on me.	Voleo bih da se osloniš na mene.	rely	0	0
I fooled you, didn't I?	Prevario sam te, zar ne?	fooled	0	0
He arrives tomorrow in Paris.	On stiže sutra, u Pariz.	arrives	0	0
A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.	Nova grana ka Haugesundu će postati glavna efektivna putna veza ka Oslu i Istočnoj Norveškoj za ceo zapadni region.	eastern	0	0
Why did you shave off your beard?	Зашто си обријао браду?	shave	0	0
A mustache grows on the upper lip.	Brkovi rastu na gornjoj usni.	lip	0	0
Lemons contain citric acid.	Limun sadrži limunsku kiselinu.	acid	0	0
December has thirty-one days.	U decembru ima 31 dan.	december	0	0
An astute reader should be willing to weigh everything they read, including anonymous sources.	Паметан читач би требало да је спреман, све што прочита да одмери, укључујући и анонимне изворе.	anonymous	0	0
I planted three rows of potatoes.	Засадио сам три реда кромпира.	planted	0	0
It's the oldest wooden building in existence.	То је најстарија дрвена грађевина која постоји.	oldest	0	0
Anatomical breast implants, however, can also deform the shape of the breast if they rotate sideways.	Anatomski implanti za grudi, međutim, takođe mogu da dovedu do deformacije oblika grudi ako rotiraju na bok.	breast	0	0
We live on the sixth floor.	Živimo na šestom spratu.	sixth	0	0
A technical error has occurred.	Дошло је до техничке грешке.	error	0	0
The new constitution will not solve the problems of Egypt.	Novi ustav neće rešiti probleme Egipta.	egypt	0	0
There are many islands in Greece.	U Grčkoj ima puno ostrva.	islands	0	0
Pua sings.	Пуа пева.	sings	0	0
Die, scum!	Цркни, пичко!	scum	0	0
He described the flight in detail.	Detaljno je opisao let.	described	0	0
Strong commitment to the environment is not compatible with large investments in oil and gas.	Snažna posvećnost životnoj sredini nije kompatibilna sa velikim investicijama u naftu i gas.	commitment	0	0
Nobody expected Tom to react that way.	Нико од Тома није очекивао да тако реагује.	react	0	0
I don't have any cows.	Немам ниједану краву.	cows	0	0
I protest!	Протествујем!	protest	0	0
Embrace life!	Загрли живот!	embrace	0	0
Don't you think that's a little harsh?	Da ne misliš da je to pomalo grubo?	harsh	0	0
I'm able to communicate in French, but not very well.	Умем да комуницирам на француском, али не баш добро.	communicate	0	0
The dog is faithful to its master.	Пас је веран свом господару.	faithful	0	0
Silk feels soft.	Свила је мекана на додир.	silk	0	0
Tom is buried in a small cemetery just outside of Boston.	Том је закопан на малом гробљу одмах изван Бостона.	cemetery	0	0
The enemy attacked from the rear.	Непријатељ је напао отпозади.	rear	0	0
A banana is yellow.	Банана је жута.	banana	0	0
Tom and Mary dated each other for about three months a few years ago.	Том и Мери су били заједно на око три месеца пре неколико година.	dated	0	0
My French is shitty.	Мој француски је срање.	shitty	0	0
He's a Sephardic Jew.	Он је сефардски Јеврејин.	jew	0	0
Be content.	Будите задовољни.	content	0	0
Does Tom like rap?	Да ли Том воли реп?	rap	0	0
Tom knows it's hopeless.	Tom zna da je beznadežno.	hopeless	0	0
They had a debate on same-sex marriage.	Имали су дебату о истополним браковима.	debate	0	0
This is the beginning of a new era.	Ovo je početak jedne nove ere.	era	0	0
This application is awesome.	Ова апликација је страва.	application	0	0
We sat down on a bench to talk.	Seli smo na klupu da pričamo.	bench	0	0
Symptoms vary.	Симптоми се разликују.	symptoms	0	0
Tom was a boy scout.	Tom je bio izviđač.	scout	0	0
Tom crashed.	Том се слупао.	crashed	0	0
They formed a swim team.	Oformirali su plivački tim.	formed	0	0
Thanks, hon.	Хвала, душо.	hon	0	0
I think maybe we've been too aggressive.	Mislim da smo možda bile previše agresivne.	aggressive	0	0
You look pale.	Изгледаш бледо.	pale	0	0
Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	fame	0	0
I almost drowned.	Замало да се удавим.	drowned	0	0
Stop filming.	Престаните да снимате.	filming	0	0
I cursed.	Опсовала сам.	cursed	0	0
The twin sisters are alike as two peas in a pod.	Bliznakinje su slika i prilika.	twin	0	0
Tom defeated Mary.	Том је победио Марију.	defeated	0	0
Elementary, my dear Watson.	Osnovno, moj dragi Votsone.	watson	0	0
I love to bargain.	Волим да се ценкам.	bargain	0	0
Do you like pepper?	Да ли волиш бибер?	pepper	0	0
You're the best French speaker in our office, I think.	Ти најбоље причаш француски у нашој канцеларији, мислим.	speaker	0	0
I put on my helmet.	Ставих кацигу.	helmet	0	0
How did you get that scar?	Kako si dobio taj ožiljak?	scar	0	0
How many copies have you sold?	Колико примерака си продала?	copies	0	0
I forgot to write the address on the envelope.	Zaboravila sam da napišem adresu na koverti.	envelope	0	0
This stinks.	Ово смрди.	stinks	0	0
Tom said that he wished that you would do that for Mary.	Том је рекао да би желео да урадиш то за Мери.	wished	0	0
Seeing is believing.	Видети значи веровати.	believing	0	0
We discussed many topics.	Razgovarali smo o raznim temama.	discussed	0	0
You should clean your oven.	Trebalo bi da očistiš rernu.	oven	0	0
We're attacking.	Нападамо.	attacking	0	0
Mary began to feel hot under the collar.	Marija je bila besna kao ris.	collar	0	0
Keep climbing.	Настави да се пењеш.	climbing	0	0
Don't change sentences that are correct. You can, instead, submit natural-sounding alternative translations.	Не мењајте реченице које су исправне. Али ви имате право да пошаљете алтернативне преводе који природно звуче.	alternative	0	0
Does Tom like folk music?	Да ли Том воли фолк музику?	folk	0	0
In the future, many workers will be replaced by robots.	U budućnosti, mnogi radnici će biti zamenjeni robotima.	replaced	0	0
I performed my duties.	Обавио сам своје дужности.	duties	0	0
Tom is smarter than all the other boys.	Том је паметнији од свих других дечака.	smarter	0	0
That's really surprising.	To je stvarno iznenađujuće.	surprising	0	0
In chess, there are situations where it pays off to sacrifice a piece to gain an advantage over the long term.	U šahu postoje situacije u kojima se isplati da se žrtvuje figura da se stekne prednost na dugi rok.	chess	0	0
I've attached the document that you requested.	Приложила сам документ који си тражио.	requested	0	0
Tom is in the garage, working on his motorcycle.	Tom je u garaži, radi na svom motoru.	motorcycle	0	0
I'm adopted.	Usvojen sam.	adopted	0	0
The barrel is full.	Буре је пуно.	barrel	0	0
J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	planets	0	0
Shove over.	Дођи овамо.	shove	0	0
It's something that really surprises me.	То је нешто што ме стварно изненађује.	surprises	0	0
He lives in a trailer park.	Он живи у камп-приколици.	trailer	0	0
The data in tables above are not comprehensive.	Podaci u gornjim tabelama nisu kompletni.	tables	0	0
I'll be your ally this time.	Овај пут ћу ти бити савезник.	ally	0	0
Do they still make cassette tapes?	Da li i dalje snimaju audio-kasete?	tapes	0	0
I'll cooperate.	Sarađivaću.	cooperate	0	0
I like taking risks.	Волим да ризикујем.	risks	0	0
I dug for about thirty minutes and then took a break.	Копао сам око тридесет минута и онда застао да се одморим.	dug	0	0
He is arriving from Genoa.	Он долази из Генуа.	arriving	0	0
By example, parents should teach their children kindness.	Primerom, roditelji bi trebali da svoju decu uče kako da budu nežni.	kindness	0	0
I like to wear ties.	Волим да носим кравате.	ties	0	0
That shop sells a lot of imported items.	Та продавница продаје много увезене робе.	items	0	0
This skirt is inexpensive.	Ова сукња је јефтина.	skirt	0	0
The witch turned the boy into a frog.	Вештица је претворила дечака у жабу.	frog	0	0
Are you wearing perfume?	Imaš li parfem?	perfume	0	0
I like instrumental music.	Sviđa mi se instrumentalna muzika.	instrumental	0	0
I hope Tom loses.	Nadam se da će Tom da izgubi.	loses	0	0
Israel is a very small country.	Izrael je veoma mala zemlja.	israel	0	0
She rarely, perhaps never, goes to bed before eleven o'clock.	Ona retko, možda i nikada, ne ide u krevet pre 11 sati.	eleven	0	0
Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.	Proizvođači oružija treba da doniraju svoj novac organizacijama koje mogu da pomognu zemljama u ratu.	activities	0	0
"Do you know the smell of death", asked John, shoving his fist under my nose.	"Poznaješ li miris smrti", upita Džon, nabivši mi pesnicu ispod nosa.	fist	0	0
I'm stuffed!	Наждрала сам се!	stuffed	0	0
Tom'll improve.	Tom će da napreduje.	improve	0	0
Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	infection	0	0
Tom wiped the sweat from his face.	Том обриса зној с лица.	wiped	0	0
Avoid undue tension.	Избегавај непотребну тензију.	tension	0	0
Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	bold	0	0
I didn't take Tom's threats seriously.	Нисам озбиљно схватила Томове претње.	threats	0	0
Metal can be bent, twisted, cut, pressed, elongated, sawed, stretched, and melted into any shape desired.	Метал се може савити, уврнути, пресећи, утиснути, издужити, брусити, раширити и отопити у било који облик.	twisted	0	0
The fireworks show was suspended after 30 minutes due to the thunderstorm.	Представа ватромета је прекинута после тридесет минута због олује и грмљавине.	suspended	0	0
A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.	Manjak sna je uticao na pevačev učinak.	affected	0	0
I have to say I envy you guys.	Moram reći da vam zavidim.	envy	0	0
They replaced coal with oil.	Они су заменили угаљ нафтом.	coal	0	0
I recommend you visit the Imperial War Museum in London.	Preporučujem Vam da posetite Britanski Ratni Muzej u Londonu.	imperial	0	0
Why are you so paranoid?	Zašto si toliko paranoičan?	paranoid	0	0
I'm not signing it.	Ja neću da to potpišem.	signing	0	0
When I die, I want no crying and no candles.	Када умрем, не желим плакање и свеће.	candles	0	0
Does Tom like comic books?	Да ли том воли стрипове?	comic	0	0
Recall the filename before you try to perform file recovery.	Setite se imena fajla pre nego što pokušate da izvršite povratak obrisanih fajlova.	recovery	0	0
Those extreme positions are not compatible.	Ove krajnosti nisu kompatibilne.	positions	0	0
Is this too narrow?	Да ли је превише узак?	narrow	0	0
Heaven forbid!	Не дô бог!	forbid	0	0
Now we're here talking about a long-term historical perspective.	Sada ovde pričamo o dugoročnoj istorijskoj perspektivi.	perspective	0	0
You should observe the school rules.	Obrati pažnju na školska pravila.	observe	0	0
I accidentally dropped my phone.	Случајно ми је испао телефон.	accidentally	0	0
My favorite designer is Tom Jackson.	Moj najomiljeniji dizajner je Tom Džekson.	designer	0	0
Is this where Tom sits?	Da li Tom sedi ovde?	sits	0	0
Just sweep it under the rug.	Само га гурни под тепих.	sweep	0	0
Don't you think this is risky?	Зар не мислите да је ово ризично?	risky	0	0
The company deals in various goods.	Компаније послује разним добрима.	deals	0	0
Stop fooling around!	Престаните да се зафркавате!	fooling	0	0
Tom poured himself another scotch.	Tom je sipao sebi još jedan skoč.	scotch	0	0
The brakes don't work.	Кочнице не раде.	brakes	0	0
It's blank.	Prazno je.	blank	0	0
Don't say I'm a sucker.	Ne pričaj posle da sam gubitnik.	sucker	0	0
I've had a slight headache all day.	Мало ме боли глава цео дан.	slight	0	0
I took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus.	Одвео сам га у најскупљи ресторан у кампусу.	campus	0	0
Tom and Mary plan to get married as soon as they both graduate from college.	Том и Мери планирају да се венчају чим обоје заврше факултет.	graduate	0	0
I'm going to fry an egg for myself. I can fry you one, too.	Испржићу себи јаје. Могу и теби.	fry	0	0
He's a genuine aristocrat.	Он је прави аристократа.	genuine	0	0
Judging from the sky, I'd say it's going to start raining soon.	Судећи по небу, ја бих рекао да ће ускоро падати киша.	judging	0	0
Tom doubts if it will rain.	Том сумња да ће пасти киша.	doubts	0	0
The room didn't look very good after Tom painted it, because he didn't even bother to wash the walls or ceiling first.	Соба није изгледала нарочито добро након што ју је Том окречио, јер прво није ни почистио зидове и плафон.	ceiling	0	0
I know that adding sentences only in your native or strongest language is probably not as much fun as practicing writing foreign languages, but please don't add sentences to the Tatoeba Corpus if you are not absolutely sure they are correct. If you want to practice languages that you are studying, please do so by using a website designed for that purpose such as www.lang-8.com.	Знам да додавање реченица само на матерњем језику или језику који најбоље познајете није баш забавно колико и вежбање писања на страним језицима, али молим вас да не додајете реченице на Татоебу ако нисте потпуно сигурни да су тачне. Ако желите да вежбате језик који учите, молим вас да то радите на сајтовима који су предвиђени за ту намену, као што је www.lang-8.com.	practicing	0	0
I found that somewhat embarrassing.	Ја сам се тога мало постидела.	somewhat	0	0
They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	established	0	0
I've attempted suicide three times.	Покушао сам да се убијем три пута.	attempted	0	0
The mother and daughter represented two generations.	Majka i ćerka su predstavljale dve generacije.	generations	0	0
He repairs the electrical devices.	On popravlja elektronske uređaje.	electrical	0	0
More and more married couples share household chores.	Све више ожењених парова деле послове по кући.	couples	0	0
I'm fixing it up.	Сређујем то.	fixing	0	0
I can't compete with you.	Не могу да се такмичим са тобом.	compete	0	0
Was that supposed to be a compliment?	Да ли је то требало да буде комплимент?	compliment	0	0
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.	Демократија – најгора форма управљања, ако се не узму у обзир сви остали облици испробани до сада.	democracy	0	0
Tom recently published his first book.	Том је недавно објавио своју прву књигу.	published	0	0
We're not entirely helpless.	Нисмо у потпуности беспомоћни.	helpless	0	0
When I saw Tom in that restaurant, I lost my appetite.	Када сам у том ресторану видела Тома, изгубила сам апетит.	appetite	0	0
Tom had little formal education.	Том је имао мло формалне едукације.	formal	0	0
Only interrupt me if it's strictly necessary.	Прекини ме само ако је баш неопходно.	strictly	0	0
I have some chickens.	Имам неке пилиће.	chickens	0	0
Mary has good knowledge of working instructions and technical regulations.	Marija dobro poznaje radna uputstva i tehničke propise.	technical	0	0
That was a shepherd.	To je bio ovčar.	shepherd	0	0
It's 5:00 a.m. here in Brazil.	Пет сати је ујутру у Бразилу.	brazil	0	0
Tom switched the TV on.	Том је упалио ТВ.	switched	0	0
The deer is faster than it is strong.	Jelen je brži nego jači.	deer	0	0
You should retire.	Треба да идеш у пензију.	retire	0	0
How can I overcome this?	Kako da prebrodim ovo?	overcome	0	0
People need inspiration.	Људима треба инспирација.	inspiration	0	0
I'm thrilled.	Uzbuđena sam.	thrilled	0	0
The airline makes sure to send luggage all the way to the final destination as soon as possible, or at a later date, at the passenger's choice.	Aviokompanija će se pobrinuti da pošalje Vaš prtljag sve do konačnog odredišta što pre, ili kasnije ako tako želi putnik.	destination	0	0
Here they show up to enjoy themselves by the fountain with ice, beer and picnic basket.	Ovde se pojave da uživaju uz fontanu sa ledom, pivom i korpom za izlet.	picnic	0	0
I blocked Tom.	Блокирао сам Тома.	blocked	0	0
I think Tom is strict.	Мислим да је Том строг.	strict	0	0
Hiya, kiddo!	Ћаос, клинац!	hiya	0	0
I thought you said you didn't want to be disturbed.	Мислио сам да си рекао да не желиш да те узнемиравамо.	disturbed	0	0
Mary works as a waitress at a local cafe.	Meri radi kao konobarica u obližnjem kafiću.	cafe	0	0
I lost consciousness.	Онесвестио сам се.	consciousness	0	0
The dog chased me.	Пас ме појури.	chased	0	0
I really like your sweater.	Zaista mi se sviđa tvoj džemper.	sweater	0	0
Tom has been sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.	Том је осуђен на доживотну робију без могућности за паролу.	parole	0	0
Examine it.	Istražite ga.	examine	0	0
The trains in Serbia are terribly slow.	Возови у Србији су ужасно спори.	trains	0	0
This happened prior to receiving your letter.	Ово се десило пре него што смо добили ваше писмо.	prior	0	0
It was something which brought a stream of new ideas.	To je bilo nešto što je dovelo do bujice novih ideja.	stream	0	0
They went in opposite directions.	Отишли су супротним смеровима.	directions	0	0
I threw the pistol into the river.	Бацио сам пиштољ у реку.	pistol	0	0
Tom and Mary watched the sunset together.	Tom i Meri su zajedno gledali suton.	sunset	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	strings	0	0
Fortunately, Tom didn't get seriously hurt.	Srećom, Tom se nije ozbiljno povredio.	fortunately	0	0
The City Council voted to grant one million for the preliminary engineering work on the new theater in Bergen.	Gradsko veće je izglasalo da izdvoji jedan milion za preliminarne inžinjerske radove na novom pozorištu u Bergenu.	engineering	0	0
I am listening to the live broadcast from the demonstration in Oslo while lying down.	Ležim i slušam direktni prenos sa demonstracija u Oslu.	broadcast	0	0
I saw Tom spray painting something on the wall.	Видео сам како Том нешто црта спрејевима на зиду.	spray	0	0
Tom bought an eternity ring for Mary, as a token of his undying love for her.	Tom je kupio Meri prsten večnosti kao dokaz svoje neumiruće ljubavi prema njoj.	eternity	0	0
The thought of powdered sugar makes my skin crawl.	Хвата ме језа од помисли на шећер у праху.	crawl	0	0
Pace yourself.	Не брзгај.	pace	0	0
Tom is bored stiff.	Tom je smoren.	stiff	0	0
Allah knows.	Bog zna.	allah	0	0
Eat more vegetables.	Једи више поврћа.	vegetables	0	0
Tom likes sausage.	Том воли кобасице.	sausage	0	0
The spider is spinning a web.	Pauk plete mrežu.	spinning	0	0
Tom spoke very loudly.	Tom je govorio veoma glasno.	loudly	0	0
We can get there by subway.	Можемо да стигнемо тамо подземном железницом.	subway	0	0
I knew I should never have gotten involved with your hair-brained scheme.	Znao sam da nikad nije trebalo da se mešam u tvoje budalaste poslove.	scheme	0	0
I performed my duties.	Обавио сам своје дужности.	performed	0	0
Plug in the TV.	Утакни ТВ у струју.	plug	0	0
I rejected Tom.	Одбио сам Тома.	rejected	0	0
I've always respected Tom.	Увек сам поштовао Тома.	respected	0	0
We have our backs to the wall.	Mi smo u teškoj situaciji.	backs	0	0
One of the many advantages of cycling is that the exercise involved is not limited to the use of any one set of muscles.	Једна од многих предности бициклизма је то што релевантне вежбе нису ограничене на коришћење само једног скупа мишића.	muscles	0	0
Tom left this morning without finishing his breakfast.	Tom je jutros otišao ne završivši svoj doručak.	finishing	0	0
Time has no end. It's endless.	Време нема крај. Оно је бескрајно.	endless	0	0
Discipline is the most important part of success.	Дисциплина је најважнији део успеха.	discipline	0	0
Tom's absence was strange and inexplicable.	Томово одуство је било је чудно и необјашњиво.	absence	0	0
The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	Хегелова филозофија је последњи величанствени покушај да се обнови хришћанство, које је било изгубљено и уништено, као и да се преко филозофије поврати хришћанство-што је генерално и остварено у модерном добу- тако што је идентификована са негацијом хришћанства.	philosophy	0	0
I cracked open a beer.	Отворио сам пиво.	cracked	0	0
Even if it is as fleeting as a scent or as quick as a thought, there is always a way to get what you desire.	Čak i ako je nešto prolazno kao miris, ili brzo kao misao, uvek postoji način da se dobije ono što se jako želi.	scent	0	0
It's naive to believe that.	Наивно је веровати у то.	naive	0	0
His airplane had already left when I got to Narita Airport.	Njegov avion je već bio poleteo kad sam stigao na aerodrom Narita.	airplane	0	0
I swore.	Закунуо сам се.	swore	0	0
Silence gives consent.	Ћутање је дозвола.	consent	0	0
It was difficult to solve this puzzle.	Било је тешко решити ову загонетку.	puzzle	0	0
Can't we just agree to disagree?	Можемо ли да се сложимо да се не слажемо?	disagree	0	0
The strong winds knocked down a lot of tree branches last night.	Snažni vetrovi su sinoć odlomili mnogo grana sa stabala.	winds	0	0
They vanished.	Нестали су.	vanished	0	0
There aren't many stores near where I live.	Nema puno prodavnica pored mene.	stores	0	0
How convenient!	Како прикладно!	convenient	0	0
Oh, hush!	О, тишина!	hush	0	0
Most women can sew on a button or run up a seam; sewing, in fact, is regarded rather as a feminine instinct than an art.	Већина жена уме да ушије дугме или направи шав; шивење је, заправо, више женствени инстикт него уметност.	instinct	0	0
I grabbed Tom's wrist.	Зграбио сам Тома за зглоб.	wrist	0	0
I found some old coins in the box Tom gave me.	Нашла сам неке старе новчиће у кутији коју ми је Том дао.	coins	0	0
My physics teacher doesn't care if I skip classes.	Мог наставника физике није брига ако побегнем са часа.	physics	0	0
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.	Иако се извинила, и даље сам бесна.	furious	0	0
I like stories about vampires.	Волим приче о вампирима.	vampires	0	0
My income has decreased ten percent.	Prihodi su mi se smanjili za deset procenata.	income	0	0
I'm offended.	Uvređen sam.	offended	0	0
I bought a laser pointer for the presentation.	Купио сам ласер за презентацију.	laser	0	0
I fled to Australia to avoid getting arrested.	Побегао сам у Аустралију како бих избегао да ме ухапсе.	fled	0	0
Two beers, please.	Два пива, молим.	beers	0	0
I hope this is accurate.	Nadam se da je ovo tačno.	accurate	0	0
Tom used to be scared of snakes.	Tom se nekada plašio zmija.	snakes	0	0
I'm bald.	Ja sam ćelava.	bald	0	0
Am I under suspicion?	Sumnjaju li na mene?	suspicion	0	0
The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.	Budućnost izgleda mračno za Edmond Dantesa, pošto je postao žrtva zavere, on je osuđen za izdaju i poslat doživotno u zatvor.	convicted	0	0
Wang Lao Ji isn't beer. It's tea.	Ванг Лао Ђи није пиво. Чај је.	wang	0	0
Blues singer and guitarist Robert Johnson would have been 100 years old on May 8th of 2011 if he hadn't died when he was 27 years old.	Блуз певач и гитариста Роберт Џонсон би 8. маја 2011. године напунио 100 година да није умро када је имао 27 година.	blues	0	0
This is a bit confusing.	Ово је мало збуњујуће.	confusing	0	0
This recipe is very easy.	Овај рецепт је веома једноставан.	recipe	0	0
The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	generally	0	0
I've been secretly doing that.	Радим то у тајности.	secretly	0	0
Tom's a bit freaked out.	Tom je malo izbezumljen.	freaked	0	0
The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.	Svet je bio nasamom rubu nuklearnog rata tokom Kubanske raketne krize oktobra 1962.	missile	0	0
To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.	Da bi se obezbedila efikasna zaštita motora i podmazivanje pod svim uslovima rada, koristite samo najbolje motorno ulje.	ensure	0	0
It was a little tricky.	Bilo je pomalo nezgodno.	tricky	0	0
Tom pointed to the sky.	Tom pokaza ka nebu.	pointed	0	0
I play hockey.	Играм хокеј.	hockey	0	0
Use the device until it warns you to charge the battery and then charge it for 5 hours to reach the maximum capacity.	Uređaj koristite dok vas ne upozori da napunite bateriju i onda je punite 5 sati da bi postigli maksimalni kapacitet.	maximum	0	0
Were there many people in your carriage?	Да ли је било много људи у твом вагону?	carriage	0	0
She peeked through the curtain.	Provirila je kroz zavesu.	curtain	0	0
Are we going in circles?	Da li idemo ukrug?	circles	0	0
The author of "The Last of the Mohicans", James Fenimore Cooper, was the first environmentalist.	Pisac knjige "Poslednji mohikanac", Džejms Fenimor Kuper je bio prvi borac za zaštitu prirode.	author	0	0
This happened prior to receiving your letter.	Ово се десило пре него што смо добили ваше писмо.	receiving	0	0
The cellar is flooded.	Подрум је поплављен.	cellar	0	0
Nobody was tortured.	Нико није био мучен.	tortured	0	0
Tom's two mates died in an accident, and he himself is slowly heading towards death.	Tomova dva druga su poginula u nesreći, a i on sam polako klizi ka smrti.	mates	0	0
Man is mortal.	Човек је смртан.	mortal	0	0
Honesty pays.	Искреност се исплати.	honesty	0	0
My laptop keeps crashing on me.	Лаптоп ми стално цркава.	laptop	0	0
When I see a rainbow in the sky, my heart flutters with joy.	Када видим дугу на небу, срце ми заигра од радости.	rainbow	0	0
Seed after seed will make bread.	Зрно по зрно погача.	seed	0	0
I'm mature.	Ја сам зрела.	mature	0	0
Discussing the matter won't get us anywhere.	Разговор о овоме нас неће одвести нигде.	discussing	0	0
She cooked him meals.	Ona mu sprema obroke.	meals	0	0
He remained silent.	Остао је тих.	remained	0	0
Make the beds.	Поспреми кревет.	beds	0	0
He writes scripts.	Он пише скрипте.	writes	0	0
Safety is an illusion.	Безбедност је илузија.	illusion	0	0
I'm troubled by this mole.	Brine me ovaj mladež.	mole	0	0
I'd hardly put the phone down when it rang again.	Једва да сам спустио телефон када је опет зазвонио.	rang	0	0
Troubled children often lack any sense of guilt.	Problematična deca su često bez bilo kakvog osećaja krivice.	troubled	0	0
There are no bad dogs, only bad owners.	Нема лоших паса, само лоших власника.	owners	0	0
I like to wear my skirts knee length.	Волим да носим сукње дужине до колена.	length	0	0
I don't floss my teeth as often as my dentist says I should.	Не чистим зубе концем онолико често колико ми зубар каже да би требало.	dentist	0	0
The top eight players survived the ninth day of the tournament.	Osam najboljih igrača su preživeli deveti dan takmičenja.	tournament	0	0
She confessed everything.	Sve je priznala.	confessed	0	0
I feel like eating some roast chestnuts.	Једу ми се печени кестени.	roast	0	0
I don't have a website.	Немам сајт.	website	0	0
Tom lives in a mansion.	Tom živi u palati.	mansion	0	0
Everybody desires happiness.	Свако заслужује срећу.	desires	0	0
Tom has been a bachelor all his life.	Том је био нежења целог живота.	bachelor	0	0
Tom says that there is a haunted house in his neighborhood.	Том каже да се у његовом крају налази уклета кућа.	haunted	0	0
Tom's distracted.	Tom je rastrojen.	distracted	0	0
Tom smashed the window.	Том је разбио прозор.	smashed	0	0
In a successful negotiation both parties usually win, and no one acts in a way that damages their own long-term interests, even though there is often a small margin that one can negotiate about.	U uspešnom pregovaranju obično pobeđuju obe strane, i niko se ne ponaša na način koji šteti sopstvenim dugoročnim interesima, iako često postoji mala margina oko čega se može pregovarati.	negotiate	0	0
Tom allows me do whatever I want.	Tom mi dozvoljava da radim šta god poželim.	allows	0	0
That's not a horse. It's a donkey.	То није коњ. То је магаре.	donkey	0	0
I'm dizzy.	Vrti mi se.	dizzy	0	0
Bully for you.	Neka ti bude.	bully	0	0
Our fossil-fuel based industrial civilization will eventually collapse.	Civilizacija zasnovana na fosilnim gorivima će se na kraju neminovno srušiti.	collapse	0	0
Tom carried the chairs to the next room.	Tom je odneo stolice u susednu sobu.	chairs	0	0
Tom wants to pay back the money he owes.	Tom želi da otplati novac koji duguje.	owes	0	0
Tom wants to be included.	Том жели да га укључе.	included	0	0
Our fossil-fuel based industrial civilization will eventually collapse.	Civilizacija zasnovana na fosilnim gorivima će se na kraju neminovno srušiti.	civilization	0	0
I'm doubling my prices.	Udvostručujem cene.	prices	0	0
You don't seem wealthy.	Не изгледаш богато.	wealthy	0	0
Tom and Mary rented a house in Boston after getting married.	Том и Мери су изнајмили кућу у Бостону после венчања.	rented	0	0
Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.	Veličina brushaltera u Japanu je manja od brushaltera istog broja na zapadu, zbog manje prosečne veličine grudi.	bra	0	0
Tom says he changes his password at least once a month.	Том каже да мења своју лозинку барем једном месечно.	password	0	0
The first step is the hardest.	Prvi korak je najteži.	hardest	0	0
I'm sleepy!	Спава ми се!	sleepy	0	0
The phrase "two people" will replace "a man and a woman" in the proposed bill to legalise same-sex marriage in Australia.	Fraza "dva čoveka" će zameniti frazu "muškarac i žena" u predlogu izmene zakona ne bi li se legalizovao brak između osoba istog pola u Austrilaiji.	phrase	0	0
An astute reader should be willing to weigh everything they read, including anonymous sources.	Паметан читач би требало да је спреман, све што прочита да одмери, укључујући и анонимне изворе.	sources	0	0
Turtles usually live a long time.	Корњаче обично живе дуго.	turtles	0	0
The thief stole the jewels last night.	Lopov je ukrao dragulje sinoć.	jewels	0	0
The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.	Radna grupa koja se bavi transferom podataka, vodjena od strane Bena Manija, će održati sastanak 14 januara 1999.	jan	0	0
Tom picked Mary up the same way a man carries his new bride across the threshold and gave her a kiss on the cheek.	Том је подигао Мери на исти начин на који мушкарац преноси своју младу преко прага и пољубио је у образ.	cheek	0	0
I was able to jump across the ditch.	Успео сам да скочим преко провалије.	ditch	0	0
Exercise has many benefits.	Vežbanje ima mnogo koristi.	benefits	0	0
Tom bore the pain stoically.	Tom je stoički podnosio bol.	bore	0	0
I buy loads of stuff at that store.	Kupujem mnogo stvari u toj prodavnici.	loads	0	0
Mary works as a waitress at a local cafe.	Meri radi kao konobarica u obližnjem kafiću.	waitress	0	0
Tom arrived on time in spite of the storm.	Tom je stigao na vreme uprkos oluji.	spite	0	0
The rain is finally clearing up.	Kiša konačno prestaje.	clearing	0	0
You were fortunate.	Посрећило ти се.	fortunate	0	0
I expect you to reply.	Очекујем да ми одговориш.	reply	0	0
I didn't want to disappoint my parents.	Nisam želeo da razočaram svoje roditelje.	disappoint	0	0
We counted the growth rings on the tree that we cut down and found out that it was thirty years old.	Izbrojali smo godove na stablu koje smo oborili i otkrili da je staro trideset godina.	growth	0	0
Tom has been seeing a psychiatrist for about half a year.	Том иде код психијатра већ пола године.	psychiatrist	0	0
Hope quickly fades when you encounter a difficult situation and a pointless deadlock. You must be strong.	Nada se gubi kada doživljavaš tešku situaciju i besmislenu zakočenost. Moraš biti jak.	encounter	0	0
Monkeys love bananas.	Мајмуни обожавају банане.	monkeys	0	0
Does Tom like to wear hats?	Да ли Том воли да носи капе?	hats	0	0
Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	economic	0	0
That book is theirs.	То је њихова књига.	theirs	0	0
You're behaving like a spoiled brat.	Понашаш се као размажено дериште.	brat	0	0
Tom follows orders.	Том прати наређења.	follows	0	0
The firefighters kept the fire from spreading.	Ватрогасци су спречили ширење ватре.	spreading	0	0
These customs kept all devout Christians together and in sync for several decades.	Ови обичаји су одржавале све побожне Хришћане синхронизоване неколико деценија.	decades	0	0
I want to go bowling.	Идем ми се на куглање.	bowling	0	0
What a dreadful smell!	Какав страшан смрад!	dreadful	0	0
Her hobby was collecting ancient coins.	Хоби јој је био сакупљање старих новчића.	collecting	0	0
In Africa there are many lions.	U Africi ima puno lavova.	lions	0	0
I believe Elvis is still alive.	Verujem da je Elvis još živ.	elvis	0	0
I am nearly forty and still not married.	Imam skoro četrdeset i još se nisam udala.	forty	0	0
Tom sleeps all the time.	Tom spava sve vreme.	sleeps	0	0
Anything too stupid to be said is sung.	Sve što je previše glupo da se izgovori se peva.	sung	0	0
They're a brass quintet.	Oni su kvintet limenih duvačkih instrumenata.	brass	0	0
Regular use of citrus fruit will shrink pores and make the skin feel fresh.	Redovna upotreba agruma će smanjiti pore i osvežiti kožu.	shrink	0	0
No matter how busy Tom gets, he never forgets to write an email to his mother at least once a week.	Ma koliko da je Tom zauzet, nikad ne zaboravlja da napiše mejl svojoj majci barem jednom nedeljno.	email	0	0
Which was to be proven.	Što je bilo dokazati.	proven	0	0
Would a couple of sandwiches for breakfast be all right for you?	Хоће ли ти неколико сендвича за доручак бити довољно?	sandwiches	0	0
She rarely, perhaps never, goes to bed before eleven o'clock.	Она ретко, можда никада, пре једанаест иде у кревет.	rarely	0	0
I contacted Tom again.	Опет сам контактирао Тома.	contacted	0	0
I hate chemistry.	Мрзим хемију.	chemistry	0	0
Tom has assured me he'll do that.	Том ме је уверио да ће урадити то.	assured	0	0
I applied for the job that Tom told me about.	Аплицираок сам за посао о ком ми је Том причао.	applied	0	0
Lust creates suffering.	Пожуда ствара патњу.	lust	0	0
Shakespeare is one of the greatest poets.	Шекспир је један од највећих поета.	shakespeare	0	0
What an ego!	Какав его!	ego	0	0
Tom should be forgiven.	Треба да опросте Тому.	forgiven	0	0
Having won the lottery, she went on a shopping spree.	Pošto je dobila na lutriji, izašla je u partiju šopinga.	lottery	0	0
Some people say stepping on a worm makes it rain.	Neki kažu da ako nagaziš na kišnu glistu, da će početi da pada kiša.	worm	0	0
The book is missing the 2nd, 5th, and 13th chapters.	Knjizi nedostaju drugo, peto i trinaesto poglavlje.	2nd	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	pervert	0	0
She was quite eager in her studies.	Била је баш жељна учења.	eager	0	0
This article contains some genuinely new ideas.	Ovaj članak sadrži neke zaista nove ideje.	contains	0	0
I bought a laser pointer for the presentation.	Купио сам ласер за презентацију.	presentation	0	0
What foods are you allergic to?	Na koju si hranu alergičan?	allergic	0	0
You're behaving like a spoiled brat.	Понашаш се као размажено дериште.	spoiled	0	0
Mission accomplished.	Мисија обављена.	accomplished	0	0
Tom thinks there is something wrong with some politicians.	Tom misli da nešto nije u redu sa nekim političarima.	politicians	0	0
Logic is obviously your strong point.	Логика је очигледно твоја јача страна.	logic	0	0
After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.	Kada se vratio sa dužnosti u Avganistanu, Toma su progonile noćne more.	afghanistan	0	0
There is no rule without exception.	Ne postoji pravilo bez izuzetka.	exception	0	0
I don't believe such compromise is possible.	Не верујем да је такав компромис могућ.	compromise	0	0
The majority of people refuse it.	Већина људи одбија то.	majority	0	0
She bent down.	Савила се.	bent	0	0
Renewable energy is essential for limiting the increase of the global temperature.	Obnovljiva energija je od suštinskog značaja za ograničavanje povećanja globalne temperature.	essential	0	0
The effects of climate change are far less pronounced in Antarctica than in the northern polar regions.	Efekat klimanskih promena je mnogo manje izražen na Antartiku nego u severnim polarnim predelima.	climate	0	0
The printer ran out of ink.	Штампач више нема мастила.	ink	0	0
Do you have any Japanese magazines?	Имате ли неке јапанске часописе?	magazines	0	0
Be passionate!	Буди страствен!	passionate	0	0
How much did Tom pay you to mow his lawn?	Колико ти је Том платио да му покосиш травњак?	lawn	0	0
I wear jeans every day.	Носим фармерке сваки дан.	jeans	0	0
As a last resort, read the instructions.	Na kraju krajeva, pročitaj uputstva.	resort	0	0
Large fries, please.	Велики помфрит, молим.	fries	0	0
There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	capacity	0	0
He's buying apples.	Он купује јабуке.	apples	0	0
What was the first instrument you learned to play?	Koji si prvi instrument naučio da sviraš?	instrument	0	0
I'm just the messenger.	Ja sam samo glasnik.	messenger	0	0
Let's explore this cave.	Хајде да истражимо ову пећину.	explore	0	0
The police have ruled out suicide.	Policija je odbacila mogućnost samoubistva.	ruled	0	0
Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.	Pokrij usta dok kašlješ, kijaš ili zevaš.	cough	0	0
Experts say it was a difficult process.	Стручњаци кажу да је то био тежак процес.	experts	0	0
You may borrow my bicycle.	Можаш да позајмиш мој бицикл.	bicycle	0	0
Tom talked Mary into inviting John to the party.	Tom je nagovorio Meri da pozove Džona na žurku.	inviting	0	0
I thus require an apology from the judge and I claim my insanity declared null and void.	Stoga zahtevam da mi se sudija izvini i zahtevam da se moje ludilo proglasi ništavnim.	declared	0	0
Does Tom play the drums?	Да ли Том свира бубњеве?	drums	0	0
It's the oldest wooden building in existence.	То је најстарија дрвена грађевина која постоји.	wooden	0	0
Bees make honey.	Пчеле праве мед.	bees	0	0
We are cut from the same cloth.	Од исте смо сорте.	cloth	0	0
My name is Sasha.	Зовем се Саша.	sasha	0	0
He is known as a great painter.	Он је познат као велики сликар.	painter	0	0
Look at those ducks on the pond.	Gledaj te patke na jezeru.	pond	0	0
Mary used walking poles to assist her with the uphill and downhill sections of the journey.	Meri je koristila štapove za hodanje koje su joj pomogle pri usponima i padovima na putovanju.	assist	0	0
The mayor presented the prizes in person.	Градоначелник је лично уручио награде.	presented	0	0
Fever indicates sickness.	Температура указује на болест.	sickness	0	0
You should change into civilian clothes.	Trebalo bi da se presvučeš u civilnu odeću.	civilian	0	0
Do you have Facebook?	Imaš li Fejsbuk?	facebook	0	0
These customs kept all devout Christians together and in sync for several decades.	Ови обичаји су одржавале све побожне Хришћане синхронизоване неколико деценија.	customs	0	0
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.	Firenca je najlepši grad u Italiji.	florence	0	0
I hope Tom remembers this.	Nadam se da će Tom zapamtiti ovo.	remembers	0	0
India is the seventh largest country in the world.	Indija je sedma zemlja na svetu po veličini.	seventh	0	0
She was occupied with household work.	Била је окупирана кућним пословима.	household	0	0
The government is cracking down on tax avoidance schemes.	Vlada se slama zbog spletki oko izbegavanja plaćanja poreza.	cracking	0	0
I don't know what possessed me.	Не знам шта ме је спопало.	possessed	0	0
I did not actually need to rest at all, but nor did I wish to continue my travels right away, for I had become enthralled by great curiosity.	Zapravo uopšte nisam morao da se odmaram, ali nisam ni želeo da odmah nastavim sa putovanjima, jer sam bio zanesem velikom radoznalošću.	curiosity	0	0
The corrupt government officials fled the country.	Podmitljivi zvaničnici vlade su pobegli iz zemlje.	officials	0	0
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.	После тишине, оно што најпрецизније исказује неизрециво, јесте музика.	nearest	0	0
The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.	Radna grupa koja se bavi transferom podataka, vodjena od strane Bena Manija, će održati sastanak 14 januara 1999.	manny	0	0
Tom begged Mary to give him one more chance.	Том је молио Мери да му пружи још једну шансу.	begged	0	0
He had to withdraw.	Морао је да се повуче.	withdraw	0	0
That's quite shocking.	То је прилично шокантно.	shocking	0	0
She guessed.	Погодила је.	guessed	0	0
After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.	Kada se vratio sa dužnosti u Avganistanu, Toma su progonile noćne more.	nightmares	0	0
I'm not a greedy person.	Ја нисам похлепна особа.	greedy	0	0
Tom walked away and soon disappeared into the fog.	Том је одшетао и нестао у магли.	fog	0	0
Chickens and some other animals also get the flu.	Пилићи и неке друге животиње се такође разбољевају од грипа.	flu	0	0
She said that she was good-looking.	Rekla je da je privlačna.	good-looking	0	0
Let me give you a hint.	Daj da ti pomognem.	hint	0	0
Does Tom gamble?	Да ли се Том коцка?	gamble	0	0
It's the first day of autumn.	Данас је први дан јесени.	autumn	0	0
I'll be giving Mary a bracelet for her birthday.	Даћу Мери огрлицу за рођендан.	bracelet	0	0
I could barely contain my indignation at her impudence.	Jedva sam uspeo da sakrijem svoje ogorčenje zbog njene drskosti.	contain	0	0
You're very arrogant.	Веома си арогантан.	arrogant	0	0
She points out that this latest gesture of the government has multiple meanings.	Ona ističe da ovaj poslednji potez vlade ima višestruko značenje.	gesture	0	0
Nothing could be heard but the ticking of the clock.	Ништа се није чуло осим откуцаја сата.	ticking	0	0
Tom has high moral standards.	Tom ima visoke moralne standarde.	standards	0	0
Let me see your receipt.	Da ti vidim recept.	receipt	0	0
Norway is my new homeland.	Norveška je moja nova domovina.	homeland	0	0
Look before you leap.	Испеци па реци.	leap	0	0
Tom's wife often complains about his snoring.	Томова жена се често жали на његово хркање.	snoring	0	0
A leaf is part of a plant.	Лист је део биљке.	leaf	0	0
The phrase "two people" will replace "a man and a woman" in the proposed bill to legalise same-sex marriage in Australia.	Fraza "dva čoveka" će zameniti frazu "muškarac i žena" u predlogu izmene zakona ne bi li se legalizovao brak između osoba istog pola u Austrilaiji.	proposed	0	0
Ivy Bean, the oldest user of both Facebook and Twitter, died at 104.	Ajvi Bin, najstariji korisnik i Facebook-a i Twitter-a, je preminula u 104 godini.	ivy	0	0
Åle, the world's oldest eel, just died. He was approximately 150 years old.	Ole, najstarija jegulja na svetu, je upravo uginula. Imao je približno 150 godina.	approximately	0	0
Tom picked Mary up the same way a man carries his new bride across the threshold and gave her a kiss on the cheek.	Том је подигао Мери на исти начин на који мушкарац преноси своју младу преко прага и пољубио је у образ.	carries	0	0
The air is much cleaner now.	Ваздух је сада много чистији.	cleaner	0	0
Tom is a respected businessman.	Tom je poštovani biznismen.	businessman	0	0
It's unlikely Tom is as busy as you think.	Mala je šansa da je Tom zauzet koliko misliš da jeste.	unlikely	0	0
My fluency is sufficient for many situations, but not for expressing my — often contradictory — emotions.	Moje tečno poznavanje jezika je dovoljno za mnoge situacije, ali ne i za iskazivanje mojih, često međusobno kontradiktornih, emocija.	situations	0	0
Tom sells cars.	Том продаје аутомобиле.	sells	0	0
Turn the volume up.	Појачај звук.	volume	0	0
He likes sweets.	Он воли слаткише.	sweets	0	0
Everyone respects you, what more do you want - jam on it?	Сви те поштују, шта би још хтео?	respects	0	0
She reads.	Она чита.	reads	0	0
The security team checked the car for explosives.	Tim iz obezbeđenja je proverio ima li eksploziva u automobilu.	explosives	0	0
Beware!	Пази се!	beware	0	0
She was educated by her grandfather.	Образовање је стекла од свог деде.	educated	0	0
I'm sick of all the complaints.	Muka mi je od svih žalbi.	complaints	0	0
You took it as offensive, even though that was not at all my intention. I meant it as something funny, but you didn't see it like that.	Uvredio si se zbog toga, iako to uopšte nije imalo to značenje, i to je trebalo da bude nešto smešno sa moje strane, ali ti to nisi video tako.	offensive	0	0
They consider him a highly qualified employee.	Smatraju ga za visoko kvalifikovanog zaposlenog.	qualified	0	0
They relaxed.	Опустиле су се.	relaxed	0	0
I like fireworks.	Волим ватромете	fireworks	0	0
We need leadership.	Треба нам вођство.	leadership	0	0
I rode Tom's horse.	Јахала сам Томовог коња.	rode	0	0
He had ambition.	Имао је амбиције.	ambition	0	0
I prefer cakes or candies to alcohol, but I do drink.	Више волим торте и слаткише од алкохола, али пијем.	cakes	0	0
Tom is wearing baggy trousers.	Том носи шљампаве панталоне.	trousers	0	0
Ivy Bean, the oldest user of both Facebook and Twitter, died at 104.	Ajvi Bin, najstariji korisnik i Facebook-a i Twitter-a, je preminula u 104 godini.	bean	0	0
Let's eat the ice cream now. It's going to melt.	Hajde da pojedemo sladoled sada. Otopiće se.	melt	0	0
The enemy occupied the fort.	Непријатељ је заузео тврђаву.	occupied	0	0
Tom wanted to have a nicer car than his neighbors.	Tom je želeo da ima lepšu mačku od svog suseda.	nicer	0	0
Tom is the only one who didn't do that correctly.	Том је једини који то није урадио исправно.	correctly	0	0
There's a draft. Shut the door.	Промаја је. Затвори врата.	draft	0	0
This suggests some new possibilities.	Ово отвара неке нове могућности.	suggests	0	0
I like this font.	Свиђа ми се овај фонт.	font	0	0
Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?	Mogu li da pozajmim tvoju olovku nakratko?	pencil	0	0
I collapsed.	Срушио сам се.	collapsed	0	0
I wear short-sleeve shirts in the summer.	Leti nosim majice na kratke rukave.	shirts	0	0
I think this umbrella belongs to Tom.	Мислим да овај кишобран припада Тому.	umbrella	0	0
What place have you traveled to the most?	U koje mesto si putovala najviše?	traveled	0	0
There's no logical reason for this.	Nema logičnog razloga za ovo.	logical	0	0
Carbon monoxide is colorless and odorless.	Карбон-моноксид је безбојан и нема мирис.	carbon	0	0
The meeting will probably be cancelled.	Састанак ће вероватно бити отказан.	cancelled	0	0
Some people say stepping on a worm makes it rain.	Neki kažu da ako nagaziš na kišnu glistu, da će početi da pada kiša.	stepping	0	0
They canceled.	Отказали су.	canceled	0	0
Please remain seated.	Молим вас, не устајте.	seated	0	0
I saved Tom's dog from drowning.	Спасио сам Томовог пса од дављења.	drowning	0	0
Tom is stressed.	Том је под стресом.	stressed	0	0
Tom watches television every night.	Том сваке ноћи гледа телевизију.	watches	0	0
Give me a spoon.	Daj mi kašiku.	spoon	0	0
We need everyone's cooperation for this to work.	Сви морају да сарађују да би ово успело.	cooperation	0	0
Did you feel the earthquake last night around midnight?	Да ли си осетио земљотрес синоћ око поноћи?	earthquake	0	0
He's afraid to involve himself in paying large sums.	Boji se da se uplete u plaćanje velikih svoti.	involve	0	0
Houston, we've had a problem here.	Hjustone, imali smo problem.	houston	0	0
Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	spectacular	0	0
Is this data reliable?	Јесу ли ови подаци поуздани?	reliable	0	0
Tom was sophisticated.	Tom je bio prefinjen.	sophisticated	0	0
The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	echo	0	0
Fire engines have priority over other vehicles.	Vatrogasna vozila imaju prednost u odnosu na ostala vozila.	vehicles	0	0
Maria read the entire operation manual of 321 pages without stopping.	Marija je pročitala celo uputstvo za rad od 321 strane u dahu.	manual	0	0
What an elegant hat!	Како елегантна капа.	elegant	0	0
This restaurant serves a delicious soup.	У овом ресторану се служи укусна супа.	serves	0	0
Tom dreamt.	Том је сањао.	dreamt	0	0
That doesn't sound really convincing, but I trust you.	To ne zvuči baš ubedljivo, ali ja ti verujem.	convincing	0	0
The depth of the river is about ten meters.	Дубина реке је десетак метара.	depth	0	0
Are you blaming me?	Da li kriviš mene?	blaming	0	0
When did the accident occur?	Када је дошло до несреће?	occur	0	0
Do you think that Tom would like to go camping with us next weekend?	Da li misliš da bi Tom hteo da ide sa nama na kampovanje sledećeg vikenda?	camping	0	0
Girls are not allowed to fart.	Девојчицама није дозвољено да прде.	fart	0	0
I've been a stamp collector ever since I was a kid.	Скупљао сам маркице откако сам био дете.	stamp	0	0
Tom approved.	Том је одобрио.	approved	0	0
Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	crucial	0	0
The Committee recommended that those complaining should be reimbursed with a proportionate share of the annual fee with interest.	Komitet preporučuje da oni koji su se žalili treba da budu nadoknađeni sa proporcionalnim delom godišnje naknade sa kamatama.	annual	0	0
He had lit the torch before he entered the cave.	Upalio je baklju pre nego što je ušao u pećinu.	torch	0	0
I'm resting my legs.	Odmaram noge.	resting	0	0
See you at the reunion.	Vidimo se na godišnjici.	reunion	0	0
Tom has graduated from college.	Том је завршио факултет.	graduated	0	0
Many people don't like hospitals.	Много људи не воли болнице.	hospitals	0	0
When Tom was a teenager, he earned money delivering newspapers.	Kada je Tom bio tinejdžer, zarađivao je raznoseći novine.	teenager	0	0
I danced with Tom.	Плесала сам са Томом.	danced	0	0
The narrow streets became crowded.	Уске улице постадоше пренатрпане.	crowded	0	0
I know that adding sentences only in your native or strongest language is probably not as much fun as practicing writing foreign languages, but please don't add sentences to the Tatoeba Corpus if you are not absolutely sure they are correct. If you want to practice languages that you are studying, please do so by using a website designed for that purpose such as www.lang-8.com.	Знам да додавање реченица само на матерњем језику или језику који најбоље познајете није баш забавно колико и вежбање писања на страним језицима, али молим вас да не додајете реченице на Татоебу ако нисте потпуно сигурни да су тачне. Ако желите да вежбате језик који учите, молим вас да то радите на сајтовима који су предвиђени за ту намену, као што је www.lang-8.com.	strongest	0	0
Tom has trouble with his walking boots. He has blisters on the sole of one foot.	Tom ima problema sa svojim čizmama za šetnju. Ima žuljeve na tabanu jednog stopala.	sole	0	0
This program cannot be run in DOS mode.	Nije moguće pokrenuti ovaj program u DOS režimu.	mode	0	0
Communications broke down.	Изгубили смо контакт.	communications	0	0
Tom works in advertising.	Tom radi u marketingu.	advertising	0	0
Some students don't like wearing uniforms.	Неки ученици не воле да носе униформе.	uniforms	0	0
He devoted his life to pursuing a vision of what he wanted to create for himself and others.	On je svoj život posvetio ostvarivanju viziju onoga što je želeo da stvori za samog sebe i druge.	devoted	0	0
How did you get your nickname?	Како си добила надимак?	nickname	0	0
To join the choir, you have to be able to read music.	Da bi se pridružio horu, neophodno je da umeš da čitaš note.	choir	0	0
Would it be OK if I smoked?	Смета ли да запалим?	smoked	0	0
I love all my children equally.	Volim svu svoju decu podjednako.	equally	0	0
You need a hobby.	Treba ti hobi.	hobby	0	0
Tom phoned.	Том је телефонирао.	phoned	0	0
Tom encouraged Mary to write about her experiences.	Tom je ohrabrivao Meri da piše o svojim iskustvima.	experiences	0	0
This cup is very fragile.	Ова чаша је баш крхка.	fragile	0	0
Will the future be like science fiction?	Hoće li budućnost biti poput naučne fantastike?	fiction	0	0
I tried to persuade Tom to go with us.	Пробао сам да убедим Тома да иде са нама.	persuade	0	0
My sister is playing with dolls.	Моја сестра се игра са луткама.	dolls	0	0
Wang Lao Ji isn't beer. It's tea.	Ванг Лао Ђи није пиво. Чај је.	ji	0	0
Tom has tricked you.	Tom te je prevario.	tricked	0	0
The archaeologist is studying old Roman ruins.	Arheolog istražuje stare rimske ruševine.	ruins	0	0
I paid Tom the money I owed him.	Платила сам Тому новац који сам му дуговала.	owed	0	0
Our fossil-fuel based industrial civilization will eventually collapse.	Civilizacija zasnovana na fosilnim gorivima će se na kraju neminovno srušiti.	industrial	0	0
I don't think much of him as a musician.	Nemam neko visoko mišljenje o njemu kao muzičaru.	musician	0	0
Prices in the last ten years have risen by fifty per cent.	Цене су у последњих десет година порасле за педесет одсто.	cent	0	0
You should check your calendar.	Trebalo bi da proveriš svoj kalendar.	calendar	0	0
Mary is horny.	Марија је напаљена.	horny	0	0
Fold it.	Савиј то.	fold	0	0
This book is suitable for beginners.	Ова књига је погодна за почетнике.	suitable	0	0
I can't remember the melody of that song.	Ne mogu da se setim melodije te pesme.	melody	0	0
J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	movements	0	0
We're having a barbecue.	Роштиљамо.	barbecue	0	0
I'm strongly opposed to a compromise.	Čvrsto sam protiv kompromisa.	strongly	0	0
All communication is translation.	Svaka je komunikacija prevod.	translation	0	0
You're quicker than me, aren't you?	Бржи сте од мене, зар не?	quicker	0	0
We're not the murderers.	Ми нисмо убице.	murderers	0	0
YouTube videos are very meaningless.	YouTube видео материјали су врло бесмислени.	videos	0	0
Initial here.	Иницијали овде.	initial	0	0
Who questioned you?	Ко вас је испитивао?	questioned	0	0
We are cousins.	Рођаци смо.	cousins	0	0
We divided the stolen money three ways.	Украден новац смо поделили на три дела.	divided	0	0
He was first subjected to a preliminary test with the new electronic breathalyzer before he was sent for a laboratory test.	On je prvo uradio preliminarni test sa novim elektronskim alko-testom, pre nego što je poslat na laboratorijsko testiranje.	laboratory	0	0
A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	hostile	0	0
They fought the measures in the courts.	Žestoko su se sudili na sudu.	measures	0	0
Last week, we cut down all the trees in our backyard.	Прошле недеље смо посекли сво дрвеће у дворишту.	backyard	0	0
It's shiny.	Сјајно је.	shiny	0	0
He held the trophy on high.	Високо је подигао трофеј.	trophy	0	0
Howdy folks.	Ћаос, народе.	howdy	0	0
Tom misses home.	Тому недостаје дом.	misses	0	0
I'm trying to conquer her heart.	Покушавам да освојим њено срце.	conquer	0	0
That's a very unpleasant smell.	То је веома непријатан мирис.	unpleasant	0	0
The jealousy is starting to darken Tom's mind.	Ljubomora počinje da pomračuje Tomov razum.	jealousy	0	0
Tom had no regrets.	Том се није кајао ни због чега.	regrets	0	0
The number of people suffering from heart disease has increased.	Број људи који болује од болести срца се повећао.	increased	0	0
Flowers bloom.	Cveće cveta.	bloom	0	0
It's not very often that someone buys a thousand dollar hat.	Ne čuješ često da je neko kupio šešir za hiljadu dolara.	buys	0	0
PTSD stands for post-traumatic stress disorder.	ПТСП је скраћеница за посттрауматски стресни поремећај.	disorder	0	0
Stop interrupting.	Престани да ме прекидаш.	interrupting	0	0
Be sensible.	Будите разумни.	sensible	0	0
I'm not a specialist.	Nisam specijalista.	specialist	0	0
I was referring to Tom.	Мислио сам на Тома.	referring	0	0
What are you wearing to graduation?	Šta nosiš za maturu?	graduation	0	0
Tom wore black jeans and a white T-shirt.	Tom je nosio crne farmerice i belu majicu.	t-shirt	0	0
I'm used to no one liking me.	Navikao sam se da se nikom ne dopadam.	liking	0	0
Wet the surface of the tire, and note the bubbles that form under the film of water, and the puncture is found.	Наквасите површину гуме и имајте на уму да ће се испод слоја воде створити мехурићи уколико има процепа.	bubbles	0	0
How often does Tom get a haircut?	Колико често Том иде код фризера?	haircut	0	0
Marina is from Russia and Clarissa is from Sweden.	Marina je iz Rusije, a Clarissa je iz Švedske.	marina	0	0
That boy standing next to the oak tree is Tom.	Тај дечак који стоји поред храстовог стабла је Том.	oak	0	0
Does Tom often take trips?	Иде ли Том често на путовања?	trips	0	0
Tom slept on the sofa.	Tom je spavao na sofi.	sofa	0	0
Imitation of gestures, actions and manners may or may not be a conscious act.	Imitiranje gestova, radnji i ponašanja može biti, ali nije obavezno, svestan čin.	conscious	0	0
Their swords clashed.	Мачеви им се сударише.	swords	0	0
You have to trust your instincts.	Мораш да верујеш својим инстиктима.	instincts	0	0
They deliberately created a hostile environment.	Намерно су направили непријатељски настројено окружење.	deliberately	0	0
Venus is a hot planet.	Венера је врућа планета.	venus	0	0
I panicked when I read that they expected big protests in Riyadh today, but then my wife reassured me, saying that she had just bought two bottles of olive oil, ensuring our living standard for months, even if oil prices were to explode.	Успаничио сам се када сам прочитао да су данас очекивали велике протесте у Ријаду, али ме је онда жена умирила, рекавши ми да је управо купила две боце маслиновог уља, тиме обезбедивши наш животни стандард за надолазеће месеце, чак и да цена нафте букне.	olive	0	0
Are you a maniac?	Јеси ли ти манијак?	maniac	0	0
His loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one.	Губитак памћења је више психолошки него физички.	psychological	0	0
You can't make bricks without straw.	Без алата нема заната.	straw	0	0
Switzerland needs better apples.	Švajcarskoj trebaju bolje jabuke.	switzerland	0	0
Now we come to the first agenda item.	Sada dolazimo do prve stavke sa liste.	agenda	0	0
Tom is a salesman, too.	I Tom je prodavac.	salesman	0	0
He works on some really crazy projects.	Он ради на баш лудим пројектима.	projects	0	0
Tom works mainly as a freelancer.	Том углавном ради као фриленсер.	mainly	0	0
Be sincere.	Будите искрена.	sincere	0	0
How old are you and how much do you weigh?	Koliko imaš godina i koliko si težak?	weigh	0	0
Witches don't cry.	Veštice ne plaču.	witches	0	0
I'm firmly opposed to this.	Čvrsto sam protiv ovoga.	opposed	0	0
Many tourists visit the Old City every year.	Mnogo turista poseti Stari Grad svake godine.	tourists	0	0
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom got into Harvard.	Iznenađen sam što nisi znala da je Tom upao na Harvard.	harvard	0	0
You've been spying on me.	Špijunirao si me.	spying	0	0
Make a sketch of your house.	Nacrtaj skicu svoje kuće.	sketch	0	0
Parliament has been dissolved.	Parlament je raspušten.	parliament	0	0
Behold.	Гледај.	behold	0	0
Comments must be relevant to the topic.	Komentari moraju da budu u vezi sa temom.	topic	0	0
I sacrificed a lot in order to educate my daughter.	Mnogo sam žrtvovao da obrazujem moju ćerku.	sacrificed	0	0
Please keep us in the loop.	Обавештавајте нас.	loop	0	0
Does Tom like salmon?	Да ли Том воли лососа?	salmon	0	0
What a bizarre idea!	Каква бизарна идеја!	bizarre	0	0
I took off my wig.	Skinula sam periku.	wig	0	0
I'm afraid of heights.	Plašim se visine.	heights	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	possibilities	0	0
I did not actually need to rest at all, but nor did I wish to continue my travels right away, for I had become enthralled by great curiosity.	Zapravo uopšte nisam morao da se odmaram, ali nisam ni želeo da odmah nastavim sa putovanjima, jer sam bio zanesem velikom radoznalošću.	travels	0	0
This information is confidential.	Ove informacije su poverljive.	confidential	0	0
Did you pass your exams?	Da li si položio ispite?	exams	0	0
Why are you so good at explaining things?	Zašto si tako dobra u objašnjavanju stvari?	explaining	0	0
He was there physically, but not mentally.	Био је присутан физички, али не и психички.	mentally	0	0
Flee.	Побегните!	flee	0	0
He writes beautifully.	On lepo piše.	beautifully	0	0
When choosing a wheel, you should know what you want and why you want it.	Када бираш точак, треба да знаш шта желиш и зашто то желиш.	choosing	0	0
I'm objective.	Objektivna sam.	objective	0	0
Flowers attract bees.	Цвеће привлачи пчеле.	attract	0	0
Melanie is drinking milk.	Melani pije mleko.	melanie	0	0
I'm quitting.	Odustajem.	quitting	0	0
The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	restore	0	0
There are dozens of letters waiting for you.	Гомила писама те чека.	dozens	0	0
Does Tom want some pancakes?	Хоће ли Том палачинке?	pancakes	0	0
Tom visits me every other weekend.	Том ме посећује сваки други викенд.	visits	0	0
She achieved her goal.	Постигла је свој циљ.	achieved	0	0
The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	sucking	0	0
Encourage Tom.	Подстакни Тома.	encourage	0	0
I got good grades this term.	Том је добио добре оцене у овом полугодишту.	grades	0	0
Comments must be relevant to the topic.	Komentari moraju da budu u vezi sa temom.	relevant	0	0
We will visit you occasionally.	Posećivaćemo će te s vremena na vreme.	occasionally	0	0
Hiya, kiddo!	Ћаос, клинац!	kiddo	0	0
I'd do it all again in a heartbeat.	Поново бих урадио исто без размишљања.	heartbeat	0	0
It's a Cuban cigar.	To je kubanska cigara.	cigar	0	0
You've gained weight.	Ugojila si se.	gained	0	0
My father listens to classical music.	Moj otac sluša klasičnu muziku.	classical	0	0
You should clip your fingernails.	Trebalo bi da skratiš nokte.	clip	0	0
Resign.	Поднеси оставку.	resign	0	0
I know a lot about insects.	Знам пуно о инсектима.	insects	0	0
Seize him!	Ухватите га!	seize	0	0
Who broke the mug?	Ko je slomio šoljicu?	mug	0	0
The bird on the roof is a crow.	Птица на крову је врана.	crow	0	0
Here they show up to enjoy themselves by the fountain with ice, beer and picnic basket.	Ovde se pojave da uživaju uz fontanu sa ledom, pivom i korpom za izlet.	fountain	0	0
During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	observation	0	0
The rebels sabotaged the railroad.	Pobunjenici su saboritali prugu.	railroad	0	0
Straighten up.	Ispravi se.	straighten	0	0
Tom's youngest daughter is his favorite.	Tomova najmlađa ćerka je njegova miljenica.	youngest	0	0
They eat with a knife and fork.	Они једу ножем и виљушком.	fork	0	0
I work in Milan.	Radim u Milanu.	milan	0	0
Tom was hiding in the attic.	Том се крио у поткровљу.	attic	0	0
Tom was able to do the work without any difficulty.	Tom je uspeo da završi posao bez poteškoća.	difficulty	0	0
They were one of my favorite bands in high school.	Oni su mi bili jedan od omiljenih bendova u srednjoj školi.	bands	0	0
Tom dried off with a large towel.	Том се обрисао великим пешкиром.	dried	0	0
What Tom said was inappropriate.	Ono što je Tom rekao je bilo neprikladno.	inappropriate	0	0
Nothing happens in a vacuum.	Ништа се не дешава у вакууму.	vacuum	0	0
The corrupt government officials fled the country.	Podmitljivi zvaničnici vlade su pobegli iz zemlje.	corrupt	0	0
The gap between them has narrowed.	Јаз између њих се смањио.	gap	0	0
Stop whining.	Не кукај.	whining	0	0
Mary wore a bright pink scarf.	Мери је носила светли розе шал.	scarf	0	0
No one is immortal.	Нико није бесмртан.	immortal	0	0
I desperately tried to calm Tom down.	Очајнички сам покушавао да смирим Тома.	desperately	0	0
Accidents will happen.	Несреће ће се догађати.	accidents	0	0
Not everyone who drinks becomes an alcoholic.	Не постају алкохоличари сви који пију.	alcoholic	0	0
Its fabric didn't come from India, did it?	Ta tkanina nije iz Indije, zar ne?	fabric	0	0
From here to the railway station takes half an hour on foot.	Одавед до железничке станице вам пешке треба пола сата.	railway	0	0
The rebels sabotaged the railroad.	Pobunjenici su saboritali prugu.	rebels	0	0
I could lose my pension.	Mogu da izgubim penziju.	pension	0	0
To possess strength, whether physical or moral and not to take advantage of it at least occasionally it's hard, nearly impossible.	Имати велику снагу, физичку или моралну, а не злоупотребити је бар понекад, тешко је, готово немогуће.	possess	0	0
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	developing	0	0
It must be a new feature.	Mora da je to nova funkcija.	feature	0	0
The new bus line should reduce my commuting time.	Нова аутобуска линија би требало да скрати време које проведем у превозу.	reduce	0	0
How many children were rescued?	Колико деце је спашено?	rescued	0	0
What do you find so amusing about that?	Шта ти је толико забавно око тога?	amusing	0	0
We don't want any unnecessary scandal.	Не желимо никакав непотребни скандал.	unnecessary	0	0
"The Scots say no to a separation from Great Britain." This is the result of a poll from the voting day.	"Škoti su rekli ne odvajunju od Velike Britanije." - Ovo je rezultat ankete na dan izbora.	voting	0	0
Happy Easter!	Срећан васкрс!	easter	0	0
If you had to go live on a deserted island and could only take one book with you, which one would you choose?	Ако би морао да одеш на живиш на пустом острву и ако би са собом могао да понесеш само једну климу, коју би изабрао?	deserted	0	0
I don't drink rum.	Не пијем рум.	rum	0	0
Do you need a license to use an electric wheelchair?	Да ли је потребна дозвола за коришћење електричних инвалидских колица?	wheelchair	0	0
Tobacco arrived.	Дуван је стигао.	tobacco	0	0
I don't have the slightest idea.	Nemam blagog pojma.	slightest	0	0
I gave all the customers a discount.	Дала сам попуст свим муштеријама.	discount	0	0
She's a yoga instructor.	Ona je instruktorka joge.	yoga	0	0
Tom lowered his voice to a whisper.	Том претвори глас у шапат.	whisper	0	0
Variety is the spice of life.	Разноликост је зачин живота.	variety	0	0
I shouldn't have ignored Tom's advice.	Trebalo je da ignorišem Tomov savet.	ignored	0	0
You can use the post office to ship any goods to private individuals and companies.	Možeš da svu robu šalješ poštom privatnim osobama i kompanijama.	individuals	0	0
I don't give interviews.	Не дајем интервјуе.	interviews	0	0
The actor's career lasted for thirty years.	Glumčeva karijera je trajala trideset godina.	lasted	0	0
The minister was caught lying to the corruption enquiry and was forced to resign.	Ministar je bio uhvaćen da je lagao pri istraživanju korupcije te je bio primoran da da otkaz.	corruption	0	0
He wishes to erase bad memories.	On želi da se otarasi bolnih sećanja.	erase	0	0
I often ski.	Често скијам.	ski	0	0
What flavor is it?	Који је укус?	flavor	0	0
Who's the fastest one here?	Ko je ovde najbrži?	fastest	0	0
Every day, they serve fresh fish and lobster, which they get weekly by plane from Norway.	Oni svakodnevno služe svežu ribu i jastroge, koje dobijaju jednom nedeljno avionom iz Norveške.	lobster	0	0
In the future, many workers will be replaced by robots.	U budućnosti, mnogi radnici će biti zamenjeni robotima.	robots	0	0
That's a really weird shade of red for a car.	То је баш чудна нијанса црвене за кола.	shade	0	0
I think your plan is too ambitious.	Mislim da je tvoj plan previše ambiciozan.	ambitious	0	0
The orchestra played well.	Оркестар је добро свирао.	orchestra	0	0
They succeeded.	Успели су.	succeeded	0	0
He is my rival in business.	Он је мој ривал у послу.	rival	0	0
Only Tom would use the purchase of a new TV as an excuse to throw a party.	Само Том би куповину новог телевизора искористио као изговор да организује журку.	purchase	0	0
Same sex marriage is now legal in 20 countries worldwide, including Ireland as of yesterday.	Brak između osoba istog pola je sada legalan u 20 zemalja, uključujući Irsku od juče.	ireland	0	0
I'd rather be hanged than shot.	Radije bih da me obese nego da me upucaju.	hanged	0	0
He was a member of a social elite rather than the masses.	On je pre bio član društvene elite, nego predstavnik širokih masa.	elite	0	0
Put the book on the top shelf.	Стави књигу на горњу полицу.	shelf	0	0
Who's accusing you?	Ko te optužuje?	accusing	0	0
Things can get a little wild around here on weekends.	Ствари могу мало да се измакну контроли овде за викенд.	weekends	0	0
Don't change sentences that are correct. You can, instead, submit natural-sounding alternative translations.	Не мењајте реченице које су исправне. Али ви имате право да пошаљете алтернативне преводе који природно звуче.	submit	0	0
She was obliged to give up the plan.	Имала је дужност да ода план.	obliged	0	0
I've missed so many opportunities.	Propustio sam tako mnogo prilika.	opportunities	0	0
I counted.	Бројала сам.	counted	0	0
Do you play any instruments?	Da li sviraš neki instrument?	instruments	0	0
A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	frequency	0	0
I've attached a PDF file of my resume.	У прилогу шаљем PDF свог CV-ја.	resume	0	0
Who can't be proud of being Serbian, part of a group whose greatest historical achievements have been slaughtering authority figures and genocides?	Ko ne može biti ponosan što je Srbin, sa njihovim istorijskim najvišljim dostignućima - pokoljem poglavara i genocidima?	historical	0	0
Lust creates suffering.	Пожуда ствара патњу.	creates	0	0
Do you like costumes?	Da li voliš kostime?	costumes	0	0
Milk easily turns sour.	Mleko lako prokisne.	sour	0	0
Ask freely.	Слободно питај.	freely	0	0
We're freaks.	Ми смо наказе.	freaks	0	0
The Boston Globe gave the film an unfavorable review.	"Boston Globe" je dao filmu lošu kritiku.	globe	0	0
Tom has been sentenced to three years in prison.	Том је осуђен на три године затвора.	sentenced	0	0
A man without ideals is hollow.	Човек без идеала је празан.	hollow	0	0
Tom smiles.	Том се смеши.	smiles	0	0
Tom is still frustrated.	Tom je i dalje frustriran.	frustrated	0	0
Rats breed rapidly.	Пацови се брзо коте.	breed	0	0
Does Tom eat pasta?	Да ли Том једе пасту?	pasta	0	0
Tom died almost instantly.	Tom je umro skoro istog trena.	instantly	0	0
Nobody knew it was Tom who donated three million dollars to the orphanage.	Нико није знао да је Том тај који је донирао три милиона долара сиротилишту.	orphanage	0	0
Researchers believe that discovery always comes like a bolt from the blue.	Naučnici veruju da pronalazak uvek dolazi kao grom iz vedra neba.	bolt	0	0
Tom needs to change his eating habits.	Том мора да промени навике у вези с исхраном.	habits	0	0
Did you stop taking your meds?	Да ли си престао да узимаш лекове?	meds	0	0
Some researchers believe that the pigeons can detect the Earth's magnetic field.	Неки истраживачи верују даголубови могу да осете магнетно поље Земље.	magnetic	0	0
Romans, go home!	Римљани, идите кући!	romans	0	0
Sorted?	Сређено?	sorted	0	0
I felt insulted.	Осетио сам се увређеним.	insulted	0	0
The keys are in the wardrobe.	Ključevi su u šifonjeru.	wardrobe	0	0
This is one of the most popular restaurants in town.	Ovo je jedan od najpopularnijih restorana u gradu.	restaurants	0	0
Cats catch mice.	Мачке хватају мишеве.	mice	0	0
Tom is sweating.	Том се зноји.	sweating	0	0
I'm very thankful for all that you've done for me.	Захвалан сам на свему што сте учинили за мене.	thankful	0	0
Don't strain yourself!	Не напрежи се!	strain	0	0
I left the curtains open.	Оставио сам завесе отворене.	curtains	0	0
People used to think that the tomato was poisonous.	Ljudi su mislili da je paradajz otrovan.	tomato	0	0
There are many islands in Greece.	U Grčkoj ima puno ostrva.	greece	0	0
What does this mean in Arabic?	Šta ovo znači na arapskom?	arabic	0	0
Is this your first examination?	Da li ti je ovo prvi ispit?	examination	0	0
I, too, have my responsibilities.	И ја имам своје одговорности.	responsibilities	0	0
Today, the ship remained over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge - a mountain range located on the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 3 miles.	Danas je brod bio iznad Srednjeatlanskog Grebena - planinskog venca koji se nalazi na dnu okeana, na dubinama do 4500 metara.	ridge	0	0
Tom said that I was reckless.	Том је рекао да сам необзиран.	reckless	0	0
I never cut corners.	Никад не пресецам кривине.	corners	0	0
It must be frightening.	Mora da je zastrašujuće.	frightening	0	0
If it rains, the event will be canceled.	Ako padne kiša, događaj će biti otkazan.	rains	0	0
If a man is promoted before a woman, it's called favoritism. If she gets promoted before a man, it's called equality.	Ako se muškarac unapredi ispred žene - to se naziva favorizovanje. Ako ona bude unapređena, ispred muškarca, to se naziva jednakost.	promoted	0	0
I support your comments wholeheartedly.	Svesrdno podržavam vaše komentare.	comments	0	0
Did you get batteries?	Да ли си узео батерије?	batteries	0	0
The noise made the dog bark.	Пас је залајао због звука.	bark	0	0
Are you going to call that versatile guy, our casual acquaintance from Bergen?	Hoćeš li pozvati tog svestranog momka, našeg poznanika iz Bergena?	casual	0	0
I've lowered my expectations.	Смањио сам очекивања.	expectations	0	0
Heads or tails?	Глава или писмо?	tails	0	0
Wires transmit electricity.	Жице преносе струју.	wires	0	0
I am listening to the live broadcast from the demonstration in Oslo while lying down.	Ležim i slušam direktni prenos sa demonstracija u Oslu.	demonstration	0	0
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.	Ni sneg ni kiša ni toplota ni sumornost noći neće ove kurire zaustaviti u svojim obilascima.	appointed	0	0
That sounds like treason to me.	To mi zvuči kao izdaja.	treason	0	0
Some of us find such views to be sheer madness.	Neki od nas smatraju da su takvi pogledi čisto ludilo.	views	0	0
I own a violin.	Имам виолину.	violin	0	0
I'd like to try this on. Where are the fitting rooms?	Voleo bih da probam ovo. Gde su kabine?	fitting	0	0
In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	tuna	0	0
According to our rules, all participants must present a photo ID, registration papers and valid license for inspection.	U skladu sa našim pravilima, svi učesnici moraju da pri inspekciji pokažu legitimaciju, registracione papire i licencu.	inspection	0	0
Don't forget to write the zip code.	Ne zaboravi da napišeš poštanski broj.	zip	0	0
Just sweep it under the rug.	Само га гурни под тепих.	rug	0	0
My jaw dropped.	Зинуо сам од чуда.	jaw	0	0
Do ants have ears?	Да ли мрави имају уши?	ants	0	0
I like popcorn.	Волим кокице.	popcorn	0	0
It's pointless.	Beskorisno je.	pointless	0	0
I'm in law enforcement.	U agenciji za sprovođenje zakona sam.	enforcement	0	0
She was a very demanding girlfriend.	Bila je veoma zahtevna devojka.	demanding	0	0
Rats breed rapidly.	Пацови се брзо коте.	rapidly	0	0
It tasted sweet.	Било је слатко.	tasted	0	0
Every win fails eventually.	Svaka pobeda vremenom gubi snagu.	fails	0	0
Tom rushed home.	Том је пожурио кући.	rushed	0	0
Tom backed up.	Том се повукао.	backed	0	0
Tom approached them.	Том им је пришао.	approached	0	0
Do you want to live in Mumbai?	Želiš li da živiš u Mumbaiju?	mumbai	0	0
Tom traveled on the legendary Orient Express from Paris to Istanbul.	Том је отпутовао на легендарном Оријент Експресу из Париза у Истанбул.	legendary	0	0
A heavily delayed Norwegian airplane was able to finally depart from the Hartsfield-Jackson airport in Atlanta and head for Oslo on Tuesday night.	Sa strašnim zakašnjenjem je avion Norwegian-a sa Hartsfilda-Džekson aerodroma u Atlanti za Oslo konačno mogao da se uputi za Norvešku u utorak veče.	delayed	0	0
His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality.	Он тврди да постоји блиска веза између редоследа рођења и личности.	relation	0	0
I'm a mechanical engineer.	Механички сам инжењер.	mechanical	0	0
Tom keeps enough money for a taxi fare home tucked in his sock when he goes out drinking.	Tom čuva dovoljno novca zabodenog u čarapi za vožnju taksijem do kuće kada izlazi da pije.	fare	0	0
Sometimes family feuds extend through the generations.	Nekad se zavade među porodicama prošire kroz generacije.	extend	0	0
Stand on the left-hand side of the bicycle, and hold the saddle with the right hand.	Стани са леве стране бицикла и држи седиште десном руком.	saddle	0	0
I pretended that I didn't hear the question.	Правио сам се да нисам чуо питање.	pretended	0	0
Six divided by two equals three.	Šest podeljeno sa dva je tri.	equals	0	0
Are those artificial flowers?	Да ли су то вештачки цветови?	artificial	0	0
Did he accomplish his goals?	Da li je ispunio svoje ciljeve?	accomplish	0	0
Lynn runs fast.	Тин трчи брзо.	lynn	0	0
One person was selected.	Једна особа је била изабрана.	selected	0	0
It would've been nice if I had worn another layer.	Bilo bi dobro da sam obukao još jedan sloj.	layer	0	0
She was wearing a gown of satin.	Nosila je haljinu od satena.	gown	0	0
There are lots of trees in the countryside.	Na selu ima mnogo drveća.	countryside	0	0
Tom helped save me a few bucks by telling me about a cheaper place to buy one.	Tom mi je pomogao da uštedim koji dinar tako što mi je rekao za jeftinije mesto gde se to može kupiti.	cheaper	0	0
By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.	Oni su slučajno čuli nekakvu sumnjivu aktivnost u šipražju što ukazuje da je medved namirisao njihovu hranu.	smelled	0	0
Look at those ducks on the pond.	Gledaj te patke na jezeru.	ducks	0	0
Tom explained to us why he wasn't planning on attending tomorrow's meeting.	Том нам је објаснио зашто не планира да срисуствује данашњем састанку.	attending	0	0
He showed me the ropes.	Објаснио ми је основе.	ropes	0	0
Tom wondered why Mary had written his name on the back cover of her notebook.	Tom se pitao zašto je Meri napisala njegovo ime na poleđini sveske.	notebook	0	0
Tom wasn't the one who punched me.	Није Том онај који ме је ударио.	punched	0	0
Tom prayed at the shrine.	Том се помолио у храму.	prayed	0	0
After three years of work by volunteers, the system has been fully repaired.	Na sistemu je završena popravka posle tri godine volonterskog rada.	volunteers	0	0
Remembering is more satisfying than forgetting.	Сећање пружа веће задовољство од заборава.	remembering	0	0
Please show some consideration.	Molim vas, imajte obzira.	consideration	0	0
The frost did much harm to the crops.	Mraz je naneo veliku štetu usevima.	frost	0	0
According to our rules, all participants must present a photo ID, registration papers and valid license for inspection.	U skladu sa našim pravilima, svi učesnici moraju da pri inspekciji pokažu legitimaciju, registracione papire i licencu.	registration	0	0
I am not a prophet.	Nisam prorok.	prophet	0	0
The new constitution will not solve the problems of Egypt.	Novi ustav neće rešiti probleme Egipta.	constitution	0	0
Tom keeps enough money for a taxi fare home tucked in his sock when he goes out drinking.	Tom čuva dovoljno novca zabodenog u čarapi za vožnju taksijem do kuće kada izlazi da pije.	sock	0	0
Obey traffic regulations.	Придржавајте се саобраћајних правила.	regulations	0	0
Tom didn't have an accomplice.	Том није имао саучесника.	accomplice	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	opinions	0	0
Metal can be bent, twisted, cut, pressed, elongated, sawed, stretched, and melted into any shape desired.	Метал се може савити, уврнути, пресећи, утиснути, издужити, брусити, раширити и отопити у било који облик.	pressed	0	0
Consult him.	Консултујте се с њим.	consult	0	0
It's just five in the morning, but nevertheless it is light out.	Tek je pet ujutru, a već je svetlo napolju.	nevertheless	0	0
I set the tray down on the table.	Спустила сам послужавник на сто.	tray	0	0
Tom and Mary are playing chess with a set of hand-carved chess pieces supposedly made of ivory.	Tom i Marija igraju šah sa skupom ručno izrezbarenih šahovskih figura navodno od slonovače.	supposedly	0	0
Faggot.	Педеру.	faggot	0	0
I have a hunch that it will rain.	Imam osećaj da će da pada kiša.	hunch	0	0
Tom has been saving up to buy a yacht.	Tom štedi da kupi jahtu.	yacht	0	0
You look very thoughtful.	Декујеш веома замишљено.	thoughtful	0	0
I'm happiest when I'm singing.	Најсрећнији сам кад певам.	happiest	0	0
I never recommended that.	Никад нисам предложио то.	recommended	0	0
A meter is a hundred centimeters.	Метар има сто центиметара.	meter	0	0
Tom climbed the stairs.	Tom se popeo uz stepenice.	climbed	0	0
At that instant it exploded with a great noise.	U tom momentu, eksplodiralo je sa velikim praskom.	exploded	0	0
When the politician died, everyone expected that his son would follow in his footsteps.	Када је политичар умро, сви су очекивали да ће његов син наставити његовим стопама.	politician	0	0
For next class, I want you guys to transcribe the lyrics from any singer as long as it's in English.	За следећи час, хоћу да препишете текст од било ког певача који је на енглеском језику.	lyrics	0	0
The twin sisters are alike as two peas in a pod.	Bliznakinje su slika i prilika.	pod	0	0
Music is universal.	Музика је универзална.	universal	0	0
The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.	Policajac ga je uhapsio zbog vožnje u pijanom stanju.	drunken	0	0
Did he accomplish his goals?	Da li je ispunio svoje ciljeve?	goals	0	0
Tom compromised.	Том је компромизовао.	compromised	0	0
I'm grounded.	Kažnjen sam.	grounded	0	0
Tom's self-confidence was shattered after his boss dressed him down in front of his workmates.	Tomovo samopouzdanje je razbijeno kada ga je šef skinuo pred njegovim kolegama.	shattered	0	0
Tom wrote Mary's name as the cheque payee.	Tom je napisao Merino ime kao platioca čeka.	cheque	0	0
I baked bread.	Ispekao sam hleb.	baked	0	0
You're blocking traffic.	Napravio si gužvu.	blocking	0	0
Pride tends to develop into hubris, which is close kin to madness.	Ponos teži da postane oholost, koja je blizak rod ludosti.	kin	0	0
Does Tom surf?	Да ли Том сурфује?	surf	0	0
About how many kilometers per liter does this car get?	Колико километра по литру гура овај ауто?	kilometers	0	0
Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	rises	0	0
You see everything in black colours.	Sve vidiš u crnim bojama.	colours	0	0
Does Tom like spaghetti?	Да ли Том воли шпагете?	spaghetti	0	0
Elephants are herbivores.	Слонови су биљоједи.	elephants	0	0
Laurie lives in Melbourne.	Lori živi u Melburnu.	laurie	0	0
Is the handsome man an Arab or an Indian?	Da li je zgodan muškarac Arap ili Hindi?	arab	0	0
Tom made vegetarian chili.	Tom je spremio vegetarijanski čili.	chili	0	0
Tom panicked.	Том се успаничио.	panicked	0	0
That river seems shallow, doesn't it?	Ta reka izlgeda plitko, zar ne?	shallow	0	0
Birds of a feather flock together.	Svaka ptica svome jatu leti.	feather	0	0
Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	conrad	0	0
My friend scored 95 on the maths exam.	Moja drugarica je dobila 95 poena na ispitu iz matematike.	scored	0	0
Australia is both a country and a continent.	Аустралија је и држава и континент.	continent	0	0
Tom has written hundreds of articles and several books.	Tom je napisao nekoliko stotina članaka i nekoliko knjiga.	articles	0	0
Everybody was noisy.	Сви су били бучни.	noisy	0	0
After five hours on the hot sand, he began to see something on the horizon that looked like a desert mirage.	Posle pet sati na vrućem pesku, on je na horizontu ugledao nešto što je izgledalo kao pustinjska fatamorgana.	horizon	0	0
I saw Tom's reflection in the window.	Видео сам Томов одраз у прозору.	reflection	0	0
Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	wages	0	0
He didn't hide his disappointment.	Није крио своје разочарење.	disappointment	0	0
Sunlight flooded the room.	Сунчева светлост је потопила собу.	sunlight	0	0
They unanimously concluded that he had violated the rules against unfair imitation as well as good business practices under marketing law.	Jednoglasno su zaključili da je on prekršio pravila o nelojalnoj imitaciji i dobre poslovne prakse u zakonu o reklamiranju.	marketing	0	0
Thanks for accepting my friend request on Facebook.	Хвала што си прихватио мој захтев за пријатеља на Фејсбуку.	accepting	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	occupation	0	0
I wrote some poems last weekend.	Napisao sam neke pesme prošle nedelje.	poems	0	0
Love is hard to define.	Љубав је тешко дефинисати.	define	0	0
This model can be combined with any color.	Ovaj model može se kombinovati sa bilo kojom bojom.	combined	0	0
The early bird catches the worm.	Ко рано рани, две среће граби.	catches	0	0
Aoi dances.	Аои игра.	dances	0	0
Stop chatting.	Доста ћаскања.	chatting	0	0
I know that adding sentences only in your native or strongest language is probably not as much fun as practicing writing foreign languages, but please don't add sentences to the Tatoeba Corpus if you are not absolutely sure they are correct. If you want to practice languages that you are studying, please do so by using a website designed for that purpose such as www.lang-8.com.	Знам да додавање реченица само на матерњем језику или језику који најбоље познајете није баш забавно колико и вежбање писања на страним језицима, али молим вас да не додајете реченице на Татоебу ако нисте потпуно сигурни да су тачне. Ако желите да вежбате језик који учите, молим вас да то радите на сајтовима који су предвиђени за ту намену, као што је www.lang-8.com.	adding	0	0
Tom got out of the limo.	Tom je izašao iz limuzine.	limo	0	0
I can't speak Turkish.	Ne govorim turski.	turkish	0	0
Each is listed below.	Сваки је излистан ниже.	listed	0	0
I won't try to predict the future.	Neću pokušavati da predvidim budućnost.	predict	0	0
Holland is a small country.	Holandija je mala zemlja.	holland	0	0
They are pilots.	Пилоти су.	pilots	0	0
That's ironic, isn't it?	Ironično, zar ne?	ironic	0	0
They have improved safeguards and they are now better prepared than before.	Oni su poboljšali bezbednosne procedure i sada su bolje pripremljeni nego ranije.	improved	0	0
When Tom was a teenager, he earned money delivering newspapers.	Kada je Tom bio tinejdžer, zarađivao je raznoseći novine.	delivering	0	0
Tom sat on the grass under a coconut tree.	Tom je sedeo na travi ispod kokosovog drveta.	coconut	0	0
Marina is from Russia and Clarissa is from Sweden.	Marina je iz Rusije, a Clarissa je iz Švedske.	sweden	0	0
I took another sip.	Узео сам још један гутљај.	sip	0	0
There are many beautiful parks in London.	Mnogo je lepih parkova u Londonu.	parks	0	0
YouTube videos are very meaningless.	YouTube видео материјали су врло бесмислени.	meaningless	0	0
Where will the awards ceremony be taking place?	Да ли ће се одржати церемонија доделе награда?	awards	0	0
Are there any hidden fees?	Ima li nekih skrivenih plaćanja?	fees	0	0
Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	thoroughly	0	0
Tom spends a lot of time at Mary's.	Том проводи много време код Мери.	spends	0	0
History is written by the winners.	Istoriju pišu pobednici.	winners	0	0
Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.	Drugi naučnici pregovaraju o njegovoj teoriji o nestanku dinosaurusa.	disappearance	0	0
Are you the one who advised Tom to do that?	Јеси ли ти тај који је саветовао Тома да уради то?	advised	0	0
Are you going to the supermarket?	Идете ли у супермаркет?	supermarket	0	0
Lieutenant, my patience is shorter than my sword.	Поручниче,моје стрпљење је краће од мог мача.	shorter	0	0
They are Christians.	Оне су Хришћанке.	christians	0	0
I'm a Canadian and I love my country.	Канађанин сам и волим своју државу.	canadian	0	0
Even a chief detective like Tom fails in doing his job, without the huge help of colleagues and associates.	Čak ni glavni detektiv kao Tom ne može da savlada sve probleme bez značajne pomoći kolega i saradnika.	associates	0	0
I'm restless.	Nemirna sam.	restless	0	0
I've been a stamp collector ever since I was a kid.	Скупљао сам маркице откако сам био дете.	collector	0	0
Whatever you do don't leave the lid up on the toilet!	Šta god uradiš, ne ostavljaj dasku dignutu na WC-u.	lid	0	0
In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.	U gradovima, ograničenje brzine je 50 kilometara na sat.	towns	0	0
The USA dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima in 1945.	SAD su bacile atomsku bombu na Hirošimu 1945.	usa	0	0
Whoops!	Упс!	whoops	0	0
I've always dreamed of becoming an astronaut.	Одувек сам сањао о томе да постанем астронаут.	astronaut	0	0
Tom is sitting by himself on the back porch.	Том седи сам на задњој тераси.	porch	0	0
What kind of future are you wishing for?	Какву будућност прижељкујеш?	wishing	0	0
Boil some water.	Прокувај мало воде.	boil	0	0
Kneel down.	Клекните.	kneel	0	0
What a clumsy idiot!	Каква трапава кретенка!	clumsy	0	0
The payment for labor and return on invested capital was several millions.	Iznos za obavljeni posao i interes na uloženi kapital su bili nekoliko milona.	invested	0	0
Do you like roller coasters?	Da li voliš roler-kostere?	roller	0	0
Does Tom like Thai food?	Да ли Том воли тајландску храну?	thai	0	0
Can you justify that?	Можеш ли да оправдаш то?	justify	0	0
Did you eat garlic?	Да ли си јела јука?	garlic	0	0
They yelled.	Викали су.	yelled	0	0
Does Tom like sushi?	Да ли Том воли суши?	sushi	0	0
This was refined and embodied in a personality so weird, rigid and stubborn that very few dared to closely work with him.	Ovo je bilo prefinjeno i oličeno u ličnosti tako čudnoj, krutoj i tvrdoglavoj da se malo ko usuđivao da blisko sarađuje sa njim.	dared	0	0
I think that I'm unlucky.	Мислим да немам срећу.	unlucky	0	0
I stayed after school to help clean the classroom.	Остао сам после школе да помогнем да се почисти учионица.	classroom	0	0
The two countries negotiated a peace treaty.	Dve države su ispregovarale mirovni sporazum.	treaty	0	0
We're going on a hike.	Idemo u šetnju.	hike	0	0
Pigeons may be able to detect gravity anomalies.	Голубови можда могу да детектују аномалије у гравитацији.	detect	0	0
Whose handwriting is this?	Čiji je ovo rukopis?	handwriting	0	0
Clap.	Тапшите.	clap	0	0
A mustache grows on the upper lip.	Brkovi rastu na gornjoj usni.	mustache	0	0
No offence!	Без увреде!	offence	0	0
They fought the measures in the courts.	Žestoko su se sudili na sudu.	courts	0	0
One way scientists are following the spread of the brown marmorated stink bug is by setting traps.	Za Alžirijo je gas strateška dobrina.	traps	0	0
They shook hands.	Rukovali su se.	shook	0	0
Tom is interested in ancient Egyptian history.	Тома занима древна египатска историја.	egyptian	0	0
Did you see the sunrise earlier? It was really beautiful.	Jesi li video izlazak sunca? Bilo je uistinu prelepo.	sunrise	0	0
Do you have a condom?	Imaš li kondom?	condom	0	0
Tom is a nerd.	Tom je štreber.	nerd	0	0
How would you translate it?	Како би ти то превела?	translate	0	0
You're behaving like a spoiled brat.	Понашаш се као размажено дериште.	behaving	0	0
How humiliating!	Kako ponižavajuće!	humiliating	0	0
Tom calls his karate teacher Sensei.	Том зове свог карате учитеља "Сенсеј".	sensei	0	0
Unlock it.	Откључајте га.	unlock	0	0
He repairs the electrical devices.	On popravlja elektronske uređaje.	devices	0	0
The best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.	Najbolji roditelji od svih su oni koji dopuste svojoj deci da prate svoje urođene talente.	talents	0	0
Tom hates foreigners.	Tom mrzi strance.	foreigners	0	0
I've got some snacks.	Имам неке грицкалице.	snacks	0	0
The fuse has blown.	Osigurač je pregoreo.	fuse	0	0
I've never used that shovel.	Никад нисам користио ту лопату.	shovel	0	0
You have an imaginative, artistic and pretty romantic personality.	Imaš maštovitu, umetničku i prilično romantičarsku ličnost.	artistic	0	0
I'm afraid that you've misunderstood this.	Bojim se da ste pogrešno shvatili ovo.	misunderstood	0	0
Atomic energy can be utilized for peaceful purposes.	Atomska energija se može koristiti u miroljubive svrhe.	atomic	0	0
Javier blushed.	Хавиер је поцрвенео.	javier	0	0
Tom examined it closely.	Tom ga je blisko ispitao.	examined	0	0
Tom became very defensive.	Том је заузето строго одбрамбени став.	defensive	0	0
The book is missing the 2nd, 5th, and 13th chapters.	Knjizi nedostaju drugo, peto i trinaesto poglavlje.	5th	0	0
The crowd roared in delight.	Маса је урлала од задовољства.	delight	0	0
Use caution.	Будите опрезни.	caution	0	0
The postmortem showed that she had been strangled.	Postmortem je pokazao da je udavljena.	strangled	0	0
Be thorough.	Будите темељни.	thorough	0	0
Tom bites his nails.	Tom gricka nokte.	bites	0	0
It was my turn to tidy up our room.	Ред је био на мене да нам почистим собу.	tidy	0	0
If one has the right to live, then one should also have the right to die. If not, then living is not a right, but an obligation.	Ako čovek ima prava na život, onda treba da ima i prava na smrt. Ako nema, onda život nije pravo, već obaveza.	obligation	0	0
All rights reserved.	Сва права задржана.	reserved	0	0
I have an ace up my sleeve.	Имам кеца у рукаву.	sleeve	0	0
Monkeys like bananas.	Мајмуни воле банане.	bananas	0	0
The Volga is the longest river in Europe.	Волга је најдужа река у Европи.	longest	0	0
I could live off of mushrooms for the rest of my life.	Могао бих да живим на печуркама док не умрем.	mushrooms	0	0
Be cheerful.	Буди весела.	cheerful	0	0
Be realistic.	Буди реалан.	realistic	0	0
Everything comes to him who waits.	Ko čeka, dočeka.	waits	0	0
My fluency is sufficient for many situations, but not for expressing my — often contradictory — emotions.	Moje tečno poznavanje jezika je dovoljno za mnoge situacije, ali ne i za iskazivanje mojih, često međusobno kontradiktornih, emocija.	sufficient	0	0
Sound needs matter to propagate through. However, cosmic noise and electromagnetic waves don't.	Da bi se zvuk prostirao treba mu materija, ali kosmičkom šumu ili elektromagnetskom zračenju to nije potrebno.	cosmic	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	intellectual	0	0
Alas.	Али...	alas	0	0
I inherited my father's property.	Наследио сам имовину свог оца.	inherited	0	0
Does Tom have any scars?	Да ли Том има неке ожиљке?	scars	0	0
Atomic energy can be utilized for peaceful purposes.	Atomska energija se može koristiti u miroljubive svrhe.	purposes	0	0
What do you have in your refrigerator?	Шта имаш у твом фрижидеру?	refrigerator	0	0
She's a yoga instructor.	Она је инструкторка јоге.	instructor	0	0
I have to work overtime today.	Данас морам да радим прековремено.	overtime	0	0
Couples in long distance relationship know that they run a risk - not to mention the sacrifices they have to make.	Parovi u vezi na daljinu znaju da rizikuju - a da ne spominjemo žrtvovanja na koja su primorani.	sacrifices	0	0
Rabies is probably introduced periodically by polar foxes on drift ice from Siberia.	Verovatno do periodičnog pojavljivanje besnila dolazi jer plutajući led sa Sibira može da nosi polarne lisice na njima.	drift	0	0
Be ruthless.	Будите немилосрдни.	ruthless	0	0
He attacked Tom with strong arguments.	On se obrušio na Toma sa argumentima.	arguments	0	0
My French is crappy.	Мој француски је срање.	crappy	0	0
The musicians are tired.	Muzičari su umorni.	musicians	0	0
What I saw was depressing.	Ono što sam video je bilo obeshrabrujuće.	depressing	0	0
Love lasts.	Љубав траје.	lasts	0	0
Does Tom have a backpack?	Да ли Том има ранац?	backpack	0	0
We've suffered heavy losses.	Pretrpeli smo teške gubitke.	losses	0	0
I'm managing.	Uspevam.	managing	0	0
All pumps and alarm systems failed, and large amounts of water flooded into the Oslofjord Tunnel three days ago.	Pre tri dana su sve pumpe i alarmni sistemi otkazali, i velika količina vode je prodrla u oslofjordski tunel.	amounts	0	0
He slapped her.	Он ју је ошамарио.	slapped	0	0
I sincerely hope that Tom's predictions are going to come true.	Iskreno se nadam da će se Tomova predviđanja ostvariti.	sincerely	0	0
Does Tom like spicy food?	Да ли Том воли љуту храну?	spicy	0	0
Some of us find such views to be sheer madness.	Neki od nas smatraju da su takvi pogledi čisto ludilo.	sheer	0	0
No reform.	Нема реформи.	reform	0	0
Mary is Tom's mother-in-law.	Марија је Томова свекрва.	mother-in-law	0	0
I don't drink tequila very often.	Не пијем текилу толико често.	tequila	0	0
She fainted.	Она се онесвести.	fainted	0	0
I, too, am unemployed.	И ја сам незапослен.	unemployed	0	0
I got interviewed.	Био сам интервјуисан.	interviewed	0	0
I am taller.	Виши сам.	taller	0	0
Who agrees with me?	Ко се слаже са мном?	agrees	0	0
Workers of all lands, unite!	Пролетери свих земаља, уједините се!	unite	0	0
If you chase two rabbits, you get neither.	Ако јуриш два зеца, не добијеш ни једног.	rabbits	0	0
Kale is a healthy vegetable.	Кељ је здраво поврће.	vegetable	0	0
She has narrow hips.	Има уске кукове.	hips	0	0
I like languages.	Свиђају ми се језици.	languages	0	0
How do you know how to pronounce a name or a word?	Како знате како се изговара име или реч?	pronounce	0	0
Don't play the ape!	Не мајмуниши се!	ape	0	0
The great Roman hero, Julius Caesar, was assassinated.	Велики римски херој, Јулије Цезар, је убијен.	julius	0	0
Tom has bruises all over his body.	Том има модрице по целом телу.	bruises	0	0
Were the elections rigged?	Да ли су избори били намештени?	elections	0	0
Today is June 18th and it is Muiriel's birthday!	Danas je 18. Juni i Mjurijelov je rođendan.	18th	0	0
Tom seems annoyed.	Том изгледа изнервирано.	annoyed	0	0
This painting always reminds me of my hometown.	Ова слика ме увек подсећа на мој родни град.	hometown	0	0
What beautiful earrings!	Како лепе минђуше!	earrings	0	0
Be discreet.	Буди дискретан.	discreet	0	0
I poured Tom a shot of tequila.	Налио сам Тому шот текиле.	poured	0	0
Is that a camel?	Је ли то камила?	camel	0	0
Am I imagining this?	Da li mi se ovo priviđa?	imagining	0	0
How do you know someone is a runner?	Како да препознаш да је неко тркач?	runner	0	0
And now a word from our sponsor.	A sada reč od našeg sponzora.	sponsor	0	0
He has great ambitions, but we should all follow the series and see if the dreams will be fulfilled.	On ima velike ambicije, ali svi treba da pratimo i vidimo da li će se ti snovi ispuniti.	fulfilled	0	0
I started doing karate when I was five years old.	Почео сам да тренирам карате са пет година.	karate	0	0
Dinosaurs died out about 65 million years ago.	Диносауруси су изумрли пре око шездесет пет милиона година.	dinosaurs	0	0
Don't underestimate me.	Ne potcenjuj me.	underestimate	0	0
My account got hacked.	Налог ми је хакован.	hacked	0	0
He has designs on your property.	Бацио је око на твоје имање.	designs	0	0
I asked Tom which one he preferred.	Питао сам Тома који преферира.	preferred	0	0
Onions are expensive now.	Црни лук је сада скуп.	onions	0	0
I thus require an apology from the judge and I claim my insanity declared null and void.	Stoga zahtevam da mi se sudija izvini i zahtevam da se moje ludilo proglasi ništavnim.	void	0	0
"How old are you?" "Sixteen years old".	"Koliko imaš godina?" "Šesnaest."	sixteen	0	0
Speak slower.	Причај спорије.	slower	0	0
Sabotage!	Саботажа!	sabotage	0	0
Barack Obama is a Christian.	Barak Obama je hrišćanin.	obama	0	0
The devil is a squirrel.	Đavo je veverica.	squirrel	0	0
Am I slipping?	Да ли клизим?	slipping	0	0
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	infinite	0	0
The cavalry has arrived.	Konjica je stigla.	cavalry	0	0
Tom is boiling the potatoes to make potato salad.	Tom kuva krompir da napravi salatu od krompira.	boiling	0	0
I'm afraid of needles.	Бојим се игала.	needles	0	0
We're celebrating the end of the semester.	Славимо крај семестра.	semester	0	0
"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."	"Mislim da je završenstvo ružno", rekao je. "Negde u stvarima koje ljudi prave želim da vidim ožiljke, neuspeh, nered, distorziju."	perfection	0	0
Tom had a good mentor.	Tom ima dobrog mentora.	mentor	0	0
The strong winds knocked down a lot of tree branches last night.	Snažni vetrovi su sinoć odlomili mnogo grana sa stabala.	branches	0	0
Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.	Merin entuzijazam za kurs je opao kada se njen omiljeni predavač odselio.	enthusiasm	0	0
Nobody listens.	Нико не слуша.	listens	0	0
Tom grew a moustache.	Том је пустио бркове.	moustache	0	0
You're sweaty.	Знојав си.	sweaty	0	0
We're surviving.	Preživljavamo.	surviving	0	0
Are you going to call that versatile guy, our casual acquaintance from Bergen?	Hoćeš li pozvati tog svestranog momka, našeg poznanika iz Bergena?	acquaintance	0	0
When is your bedtime?	Kada ti je vreme za krevet?	bedtime	0	0
I know that you all are cowards.	Znam da ste svi kukavice.	cowards	0	0
Never attempt to mount or even to try the bicycle unless the saddle is properly secured and immovable.	Немојте покушавајти да се попнете на бициклу, чак ни пробе ради, ако седиште није исправно учвршћено и непокретно.	secured	0	0
Tom looks like a banker.	Tom izgleda kao bankar.	banker	0	0
Fever indicates sickness.	Температура указује на болест.	indicates	0	0
Which of your drawings do you consider your best?	Који од својих цртежа сматраш најбољим?	drawings	0	0
How many pairs of socks do you have?	Koliko pari čarapa imaš?	pairs	0	0
Is it purely coincidence?	Да ли је то чиста случајност?	purely	0	0
I can resist everything except temptation.	Могу да одолим свему, осим искушењу.	temptation	0	0
Elderly people get sick easily.	Старији људе се лако разболе.	elderly	0	0
The description Tom gave was very detailed.	Опис који је Том дао је био веома детаљан.	detailed	0	0
You're getting careless.	Postajete neobazrivi.	careless	0	0
He dove.	Гњурио је.	dove	0	0
Your work is sloppy.	Твој рад је траљав.	sloppy	0	0
A heavily delayed Norwegian airplane was able to finally depart from the Hartsfield-Jackson airport in Atlanta and head for Oslo on Tuesday night.	Sa strašnim zakašnjenjem je avion Norwegian-a sa Hartsfilda-Džekson aerodroma u Atlanti za Oslo konačno mogao da se uputi za Norvešku u utorak veče.	atlanta	0	0
"The Scots say no to a separation from Great Britain." This is the result of a poll from the voting day.	"Škoti su rekli ne odvajunju od Velike Britanije." - Ovo je rezultat ankete na dan izbora.	separation	0	0
Just put it on my tab.	Samo stavi na moj račun.	tab	0	0
You've restored my faith in humanity.	Повратио си ми веру у човечанство.	restored	0	0
Digestion involves muscular action as well as chemical processes.	Варење укључује дејство мишића као и хемијске процесе.	involves	0	0
There was a list of available candidates.	Postojala je lista dostupnih kandidata.	candidates	0	0
Carolina is sad because she cannot conceive.	Karolina je tužna, jer ne može da zatrudni.	carolina	0	0
In our next class, we will study the days of the week, the months, and the seasons.	На нашем следећем часу ћемо учити дане у недељи,месеце и годишња доба.	seasons	0	0
Everybody smiled.	Svi su se nasmejali.	smiled	0	0
I have a visa already.	Већ имам визу.	visa	0	0
Variety is the spice of life.	Разноврсност је зачин живота.	spice	0	0
What foods are you allergic to?	Na koju si hranu alergičan?	foods	0	0
Modern, rational, logical and unprejudiced science has already given us far more secure knowledge and immeasurably more than any religion has ever given us.	Moderna, racionalna, logična i nepristrasna nauka nam je već dala daleko sigurnija saznanja i nemerljivo više nego što nam je bilo koja religija ikada dala.	rational	0	0
I'm immune.	Imuna sam.	immune	0	0
We visit Tom regularly.	Често посећујемо Тома.	regularly	0	0
Monks used to play tennis in monasteries.	Monasi su umeli da igraju tenis u manastirima.	monks	0	0
I've been in love with Tom since I was thirteen.	Заљубљена сам у Тома откад сам имала тринаест година.	thirteen	0	0
Does Tom have any tattoos?	Има ли Том неке тетоваже?	tattoos	0	0
This mustard is yellow.	Овај сенф је жут.	mustard	0	0
I like being a janitor.	Волим што сам чистач.	janitor	0	0
Their friendship gradually turned into love.	Njihovo prijateljstvo se postepeno pretvorilo u ljubav.	gradually	0	0
I get nervous at immigration.	Uvek sam nervozan na pasoškoj kontroli.	immigration	0	0
Are you texting Mary?	Šalješ poruku Meri?	texting	0	0
Insanity!	Лудост!	insanity	0	0
On a separate sheet of paper, describe your best friend: age, where he or she lives, his or her job, etc.	На одвојеној страни папира,опишите вашег пријатеља: године,где она или он живи, његов или њен посао итд.	etc	0	0
Elementary, my dear Watson.	Елементарно, мој драги Вотсоне.	elementary	0	0
Tom seized on the opportunity.	Том је зграбио прилику.	seized	0	0
Tom teaches.	Том подучава.	teaches	0	0
"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	phillips	0	0
Tom says that he won't be allowed to do that until he's eighteen years old.	Том каже да му неће бити дозвољено да ради то док не напуни осамнаест.	eighteen	0	0
Tom was on his way to school when he was bitten by a dog.	Том је био на путу до школе када га је ујео пас.	bitten	0	0
There is no known antidote.	Није познат противотров.	antidote	0	0
Tom saves over 80% of what he earns.	Tom čuva preko 80% od onoga što zaradi.	saves	0	0
It took Tom several hours to assemble a bunk bed that the instructions said would take less than an hour to assemble.	Тому је требало неколико сати да склопи кревет на спрат за чије склапање је упуство казало да ће трајати мање од сат времена.	bunk	0	0
Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	thor	0	0
I never liked biology.	Nikada nisam voleo biologiju.	biology	0	0
The treatment is going successfully.	Tretman se odvija uspešno.	successfully	0	0
Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	potentially	0	0
I haven't yet installed it.	Још је нисам инсталирала.	installed	0	0
She interrupted me.	Ona me je prekinula.	interrupted	0	0
I'm devastated.	Razorena sam.	devastated	0	0
This sad story was written at a time when Tom was in exile.	Ova tužna priča je napisana u vreme kada je Tom bio u izgnanstvu.	exile	0	0
Take this aspirin.	Узмите овај аспирин.	aspirin	0	0
Tom asked Mary to return the money that he had lent her.	Том је замолио Мери да му врати новац који јој је позајмио.	lent	0	0
The accident left him permanently paralyzed.	Ostao je trajno paralizovan posle nesreće.	permanently	0	0
Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	province	0	0
You're attempting to confuse me.	Покушавате да ме збуните.	attempting	0	0
Tom deceived me.	Том ме је преварио.	deceived	0	0
I'm hungry because I skipped breakfast.	Гладна сам јер сам прескочила доручак.	skipped	0	0
She was overwhelmed by the sad news.	Савладале су је тужне вести.	overwhelmed	0	0
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.	Ni sneg ni kiša ni toplota ni sumornost noći neće ove kurire zaustaviti u svojim obilascima.	swift	0	0
Tom gives me the creeps.	Пролазе ме жмарци од Тома.	creeps	0	0
Tom bought an eternity ring for Mary, as a token of his undying love for her.	Tom je kupio Meri prsten večnosti kao dokaz svoje neumiruće ljubavi prema njoj.	token	0	0
People used to think that the tomato was poisonous.	Ljudi su mislili da je paradajz otrovan.	poisonous	0	0
The top eight players survived the ninth day of the tournament.	Osam najboljih igrača su preživeli deveti dan takmičenja.	ninth	0	0
Do not draw hasty conclusions.	Nemoj da olako donosiš zaključke.	conclusions	0	0
Are you disabled?	Да ли сте инвалид?	disabled	0	0
Extension 45, please.	Продужетак 45, молим.	extension	0	0
They hunted foxes.	Ловиле су лисице.	hunted	0	0
Hold the microphone a bit further away from your mouth.	Држи микрофон мало даље од устију.	microphone	0	0
Tom won't reconsider.	Том неће да поново размотри то.	reconsider	0	0
I extended my hand to shake Tom's.	Испружио сам руку да се рукујем са Томом.	extended	0	0
Throw them overboard.	Baci ih preko.	overboard	0	0
We limit baggage to ten kilograms each.	Mi ograničavamo prtljag na deset kilograma po komadu.	baggage	0	0
I don't like weddings.	Не волим венчање.	weddings	0	0
France borders Italy.	Француска се граничи са Италијом.	borders	0	0
Sigmund Freud was a famous Australian neurologist.	Сигмунд Фројд је био познати Аустралијиски неуролог.	australian	0	0
Please elaborate.	Појасните, молим вас.	elaborate	0	0
There are many mysteries in life.	Постоји много тајни у животу.	mysteries	0	0
Loosen it.	Олабави га.	loosen	0	0
The weather, indeed, affects bicycling more than any other sport.	Временске прилике, заиста, утичу на бициклизам више него на било који други спорт.	affects	0	0
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he was going to be late for dinner.	Том је послао поруку Мери да јој јави да ће да касни на вечеру.	texted	0	0
Yummy!	Укусно!	yummy	0	0
Some children get a weekly allowance.	Нека деца добијају недељни џепарац.	weekly	0	0
Can we humans digest grass and obtain nourishment from it?	Da li mi, ljudi, možemo da varimo travu i da izvlačimo hranjive sastojke iz nje?	obtain	0	0
Seven times two is fourteen.	Седам пута два је четрнаест.	fourteen	0	0
Experience is acquired with time.	Iskustvo se stiče vremenom.	acquired	0	0
In our wide world, there exist countless lifestyles, languages and cultures.	У нашем широком свету, постоји незброј стилова живота, језика и култура.	countless	0	0
Too many cooks spoil the broth.	Сто бабица, килаво дете.	cooks	0	0
The kangaroo jumps very high.	Кенгур скаче веома високо.	jumps	0	0
He is not some superhero.	On nije neki super heroj.	superhero	0	0
There is gold in green forests.	Zlato je u zelenim šumama.	forests	0	0
I could hear people cheering and clapping their hands.	Чуо сам људе како навијају и аплаудирају.	clapping	0	0
Tom snuck into the party.	Tom se ušunjao na zabavu.	snuck	0	0
We both arrived roughly at the same time.	Обоје смо стигли отприлике у исто време.	roughly	0	0
I screamed.	Вриснух.	screamed	0	0
It depends on the context.	To zavisi od konteksta.	context	0	0
We volunteered.	Волонтирале смо.	volunteered	0	0
It was a great boost to the economy.	Bio je to veliki podsticaj za ekonomiju.	boost	0	0
It was only a partial success.	Успех је био само делимичан.	partial	0	0
Tom is being a nuisance.	Tom je smor.	nuisance	0	0
Donate blood.	Донирајте крв.	donate	0	0
The book is missing the 2nd, 5th, and 13th chapters.	Knjizi nedostaju drugo, peto i trinaesto poglavlje.	13th	0	0
These children are my grandchildren.	Ова деца су моји унуци.	grandchildren	0	0
The mother and daughter represented two generations.	Majka i ćerka su predstavljale dve generacije.	represented	0	0
I'm neutral.	Prirodna sam.	neutral	0	0
If the rental period is extended beyond the agreed period, a prorated rent shall be calculated.	Ako se period iznajmljivanja produži izvan ugovorenog perioda, obračunaće se proporcionalni dodatak kirije.	rental	0	0
Tom feeds the dog.	Том храни пса.	feeds	0	0
Nobody cares why Tom is a vegetarian.	Nikoga ne interesuje zašto je Tom vegetarijanac.	vegetarian	0	0
Stop teasing each other.	Престаните да задиркујете један другог.	teasing	0	0
Tom prayed at the shrine.	Том се помолио у храму.	shrine	0	0
You can set a timer and it'll turn itself off.	Можеш да подесиш тајмер и само ће да се искључи.	timer	0	0
We've run out of gasoline.	Немамо више горива.	gasoline	0	0
I have tried searching on Google, but I can't find out what to do.	Pokušao sam da tražim na Google-u, ali ne mogu da pronađem odgovor šta treba da radim.	google	0	0
The devotees of Vishnu are called Vaishnavas; the devotees of Shiva are Shaivites.	Poklonici Višnua nazivaju se Višnuanci; poklonici Šive su Šivanci.	shiva	0	0
I bought some balloons for Tom.	Донео сам нешто балона за Тома.	balloons	0	0
Is it all resolved now?	Da li je sad sve rešeno?	resolved	0	0
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.	Рат је мир. Слобода је ропство. Незнање је мођ.	slavery	0	0
I attended a party last night.	Била сам на журци синоћ.	attended	0	0
The river that flows through Paris is called the Seine.	Река која тече кроз Париз назива се Сена.	flows	0	0
We detected a great fault in the system.	Открили смо велику грешку у систему.	detected	0	0
Mary makes her living by sewing.	Мери зарађује за живот шијући.	sewing	0	0
The doctor was typing so slowly that I wanted to grab the keyboard from her and type out the paragraph myself.	Докторка је куцала толико споро да сам пожелео да јој отмем тастатуру и откуцам параграф уместо ње.	typing	0	0
Tom took some time off to travel to Thailand.	Tom je uzeo slobodne dane da otputuje na Tajland.	thailand	0	0
Who wrote Hamlet?	Ко је написао Хамлета?	hamlet	0	0
He showers.	Он се тушира.	showers	0	0
I'm tougher than I look.	Žilaviji sam nego što izgledam.	tougher	0	0
Where the hell are they going to find extra sailors from?	Odakle će oni, dođavola, dobiti dodatne mornare?	sailors	0	0
A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	monitoring	0	0
I got up an hour ago and in the meantime I've brushed my teeth, washed and shaved myself and done my morning gymnastics.	Probudio sam se pre sat vremena i u međuvremenu sam oprao zube, umio se i obrijao se, i uradio jutarnju gimnastiku.	shaved	0	0
Now we're here talking about a long-term historical perspective.	Sada ovde pričamo o dugoročnoj istorijskoj perspektivi.	long-term	0	0
I called my imaginary friend Tom.	Звао сам свог измишљеног пријатеља "Том".	imaginary	0	0
Hold down the Ctrl-key and click + to zoom in or - to zoom out.	Držite pritisnut taster Ctrl i kliknite + za uvećavanje ili - za smanjivanje.	zoom	0	0
Tom celebrated his thirtieth birthday in Boston.	Том је прославио тридесети рођендан у Бостону,	celebrated	0	0
I encouraged Tom to try doing that again.	Охрабривао сам Том да поново проба да уради то.	encouraged	0	0
Does Tom have a telescope?	Да ли Том има телескоп?	telescope	0	0
She received four e-mails.	Primila je četiri imejla.	e-mails	0	0
I need a babysitter.	Треба ми бебиситерка.	babysitter	0	0
He's addicted to Starbucks coffee.	Он је зависан од Старбак кафе.	addicted	0	0
Ignorance is bliss.	Незнање је благослов.	bliss	0	0
Duh.	Јок, није.	duh	0	0
Tom and John were fighting on the playground.	Том и Џон су се тукли на игралишту.	playground	0	0
Most women can sew on a button or run up a seam; sewing, in fact, is regarded rather as a feminine instinct than an art.	Већина жена уме да ушије дугме или направи шав; шивење је, заправо, више женствени инстикт него уметност.	sew	0	0
We demonstrated peacefully.	Мирно смо протестовали.	peacefully	0	0
In the caves one can find stalactites and stalagmites, minerals, and plant and animal life.	U pećinama se mogu pronaći stalaktiti i stalagmiti, minerali, biljni i životinjski svet.	caves	0	0
Our condolences.	Наше саучешће.	condolences	0	0
Let there be not even the slightest doubt that this will cost us dearly. But that is the price we'll have to pay.	Samo da ne bude ni najmanje zabune da će nas ovo skupo koštati. Ali to je cena koju ćemo morati da platimo.	dearly	0	0
Same sex marriage is now legal in 20 countries worldwide, including Ireland as of yesterday.	Brak između osoba istog pola je sada legalan u 20 zemalja, uključujući Irsku od juče.	worldwide	0	0
I like this cartoon.	Свиђа ми се овај цртани.	cartoon	0	0
Do not judge so that you will not be judged.	Не судите да вам се не суди.	judged	0	0
You're attempting to confuse me.	Покушавате да ме збуните.	confuse	0	0
This really is a masterpiece.	Ово је стварно уметничко дело.	masterpiece	0	0
Tom got out of the bathtub.	Том је изашао из каде.	bathtub	0	0
Ducks make great pets.	Патке су одлични кућни љубимци.	pets	0	0
You can't make bricks without straw.	Без алата нема заната.	bricks	0	0
Speeding causes accidents.	Прекорачење брзине је узрок несрећа.	speeding	0	0
I'd like to sit in the no-smoking compartment, please.	Ja bih hteo molim Vas da sedim u odeljku za nepušače.	compartment	0	0
Mary said that she would reveal all of her employer's secrets if he did not raise her wage.	Meri je rekla da će otkriti tajne svih svojih šefova ako joj ne povećaju platu.	wage	0	0
I live in a relatively safe area.	Живим у релативно безбедној области.	relatively	0	0
You looked like you were stoned.	Изгледао си као да си напушен.	stoned	0	0
Darwin changed everything.	Дарвин је променио све.	darwin	0	0
You can format and customize a worksheet, and insert and use tables, charts, formulas and functions.	Možete da formatirate i podešavate tabelu za unakrsne proračune, ubacite i koristite obične tabele, dijagrame, formule i funkcije.	charts	0	0
He is bankrupt.	Он је шворц.	bankrupt	0	0
The sidewalk is slippery.	Тротоар је клизав.	slippery	0	0
A thief steals for a long time, but eventually he will hang.	Лопов дуго краде, па ипак на крају виси.	steals	0	0
No one trusts anyone anymore.	Нико ником више не верује.	trusts	0	0
Birds of a feather flock together.	Свака птица своме јату лети.	flock	0	0
Do you really think you're invincible?	Да ли стварно мислиш да си непобедив?	invincible	0	0
A sane man wouldn't do that.	Разуман човек не би урадио то.	sane	0	0
We'll announce the results as soon as we verify them.	Mi ćemo objaviti rezultate ćim ih verificiramo.	verify	0	0
Our school was founded in 1990.	Naša škola je osnovana 1990. godine.	founded	0	0
The ship's hull is damaged.	Brodski trup je oštećen.	hull	0	0
I dislike eggs.	Не волим јаја.	dislike	0	0
Brace yourselves.	Спремите се.	brace	0	0
Is Tom denying this?	Да ли Том пориче ово?	denying	0	0
These monks live inside the monastery.	Ovi monasi žive u manastiru.	monastery	0	0
You're so impatient with me.	Уопште немате стрпљења са мном.	impatient	0	0
We're sunk.	Потонули смо.	sunk	0	0
Ignorance is bliss.	Незнање је благослов.	ignorance	0	0
I predicted this would happen months ago.	Predvidela sam da će ovo da se desi pre više meseci.	predicted	0	0
The snow hasn't melted yet.	Снег се још није отопио.	melted	0	0
To a large degree, human activity has contributed to upsetting nature's balances.	U velikom stepenu je ljudska aktivnost doprinela poremećaju prirodnih balansa.	upsetting	0	0
This smell is unbearable.	Овај смрад је неподношљив.	unbearable	0	0
Mary wore bunny slippers.	Meri je nosila papuče u obliku zeke.	slippers	0	0
Tom bought a VIP pass.	Tom je kupio VIP kartu.	vip	0	0
I noticed a new set of footprints in the snow.	Приметио сам нове отиске стопала у снегу.	footprints	0	0
Can you read phonetic symbols?	Umeš li da čitaš fonetske simbole?	symbols	0	0
Appearances deceive.	Изглед вара.	deceive	0	0
I'm heating up left-overs for lunch.	Подгревам шта је претекло од хране за ручак.	heating	0	0
Infrared and ultra-violet rays are types of light invisible to the human eye.	Infracrveni i ultraljubičasti zraci su vrste svetlosti nevidljive ljudskom oku.	rays	0	0
I'm an architecture student.	Ја сам студент архитектуре.	architecture	0	0
I want to live in a warmer place.	Желим да живим на топлијем месту.	warmer	0	0
The student is optimistic, but his advisor is a pessimist.	Студент је оптимиста, а његов саветник песимиста.	advisor	0	0
The sea has risen, the sea of peoples.	More se podiglo, more ljudi.	peoples	0	0
I bought some groceries.	Kupio sam neke namirnice.	groceries	0	0
He behaved badly.	Понашао се лоше.	behaved	0	0
Tom is very good at imitating the way Mary talks.	Tom veoma dobro imitira način na koji Meri govori.	imitating	0	0
Does Tom have a blog?	Да ли Том има блог?	blog	0	0
Tom put the flowers that he brought in the vase on Mary's kitchen table.	Том је цвеће које је донео ставио у вазу на Мерином кухињском столу.	vase	0	0
I recognized him at first glance.	Препознао сам га на први поглед.	glance	0	0
Mary used walking poles to assist her with the uphill and downhill sections of the journey.	Meri je koristila štapove za hodanje koje su joj pomogle pri usponima i padovima na putovanju.	poles	0	0
He must be over sixty.	Mora da ima preko šezdeset godina.	sixty	0	0
Who complained?	Ко се бунио?	complained	0	0
The City Council voted to grant one million for the preliminary engineering work on the new theater in Bergen.	Gradsko veće je izglasalo da izdvoji jedan milion za preliminarne inžinjerske radove na novom pozorištu u Bergenu.	preliminary	0	0
The server is down.	Server ne radi.	server	0	0
Nature provides various means for keeping the body at an even temperature, and it is most essential not to disturb this balance.	Природа пружа разна средства за одржавање тела на једној те истој температури, и малтене је неопходно не нарушити овај баланс.	provides	0	0
I am Jorge.	Ja sam Jorge.	jorge	0	0
Holy smokes.	Човече.	smokes	0	0
What an introduction!	Какав увод!	introduction	0	0
According to our rules, all participants must present a photo ID, registration papers and valid license for inspection.	U skladu sa našim pravilima, svi učesnici moraju da pri inspekciji pokažu legitimaciju, registracione papire i licencu.	valid	0	0
I began to study English when I was twelve years of age. At that time I was interested in languages, but not excessively so. Now I can speak English, French, Spanish and Portuguese; and so it is time to learn Latin.	Počeo sam da učim engleski kada mi je bilo dvanaest. Tada sam bio zainteresovan za jezike, ali ne u toj meri. Sada govorim engleski, francuski, špnaski i portugalski; dakle, vreme je da naučim latinski.	portuguese	0	0
We have to set the scene for negotiations.	Морамо да припремимо терен за преговоре.	negotiations	0	0
I work part-time at a bookstore.	Радим хонорарно у књижари.	part-time	0	0
Refugees are welcome.	Izbeglice su dobrodošle.	refugees	0	0
We're not going ashore.	Nećemo da se nasukamo.	ashore	0	0
How disappointing!	Баш сам се разочарала!	disappointing	0	0
Who is absent?	Ко није ту?	absent	0	0
The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	Хегелова филозофија је последњи величанствени покушај да се обнови хришћанство, које је било изгубљено и уништено, као и да се преко филозофије поврати хришћанство-што је генерално и остварено у модерном добу- тако што је идентификована са негацијом хришћанства.	wrecked	0	0
Tom has offered no suggestions.	Tom nije predložio ništa.	suggestions	0	0
Be supportive.	Подржи нас.	supportive	0	0
Blues singer and guitarist Robert Johnson would have been 100 years old on May 8th of 2011 if he hadn't died when he was 27 years old.	Блуз певач и гитариста Роберт Џонсон би 8. маја 2011. године напунио 100 година да није умро када је имао 27 година.	8th	0	0
My birthday approaches.	Moj rođendan se približava.	approaches	0	0
We don't have any more vanilla ice cream. However, we still have chocolate ice cream.	Немамо више сладолед од ваниле. Али имамо сладолед од чоколаде.	vanilla	0	0
Does Tom like grapes?	Да ли Том воли грожђе?	grapes	0	0
Lighten up.	Развесели се.	lighten	0	0
The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.	Svet je bio nasamom rubu nuklearnog rata tokom Kubanske raketne krize oktobra 1962.	cuban	0	0
Rabies is probably introduced periodically by polar foxes on drift ice from Siberia.	Verovatno do periodičnog pojavljivanje besnila dolazi jer plutajući led sa Sibira može da nosi polarne lisice na njima.	polar	0	0
I work as a freelancer translator.	Радим као слободни преводилац.	translator	0	0
These people are professionals.	Ови људи су професионалци.	professionals	0	0
I was very interested in taking part in building a stronger academic curriculum regarding programming.	Bio sam vrlo zainteresovan da učestvujem u izgradnji intezivnijeg akademskog plana za programiranje.	academic	0	0
I'm bluffing.	Blefiram.	bluffing	0	0
Tom thought that he might be permitted to do that.	Том је мислио да му је можда дозвољено да уради то.	permitted	0	0
Do you like Wagner?	Sviđa li ti se Vagner?	wagner	0	0
It is easy to fake email addresses so that an e-mail looks like it comes from someone else.	Lako je izmeniti email adrese tako da e-mail izgleda kao da je stigao od nekog drugoga.	addresses	0	0
Do you have any foreign stamps?	Imate li strane markice?	stamps	0	0
The twin sisters are alike as two peas in a pod.	Bliznakinje su slika i prilika.	peas	0	0
Be cautious.	Будите опрезни.	cautious	0	0
There is no comparison.	Нема поређења.	comparison	0	0
Sami was asking a lot of questions about Islam.	Sami je pitao mnogo pitanja o Islamu	islam	0	0
I'm only a freshman.	Ja sam tek prva godina.	freshman	0	0
Tom cleaned the toilets.	Том је чистио тоалете.	toilets	0	0
Tom looks a bit shaken.	Tom izgleda malo potreseno.	shaken	0	0
I expressed my surprise.	Исказах своје изненађење.	expressed	0	0
He repairs the electrical devices.	On popravlja elektronske uređaje.	repairs	0	0
I've never written this kind of essay before.	Никад пре нисам писала овакав есеј.	essay	0	0
Why did you quit using Twitter?	Zašto si prestao da koristiš Tviter?	twitter	0	0
Today, the ship remained over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge - a mountain range located on the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 3 miles.	Danas je brod bio iznad Srednjeatlanskog Grebena - planinskog venca koji se nalazi na dnu okeana, na dubinama do 4500 metara.	depths	0	0
No fewer than 50 passengers were killed.	Најмање 50 путника је погинуло.	fewer	0	0
It's a tropical disease.	То је тропска болест.	tropical	0	0
Where is a pharmacy?	Где је апотека?	pharmacy	0	0
Some people behave as if the sentences they create are the most precious things they have.	Neki se ponašaju kao da su rečenice koje oni naprave nešto najdragocenije što imaju.	sentences	0	0
I'm deaf and mute while I'm eating.	Gluv i nem sam dok jedem.	mute	0	0
I want a full-time job.	Хоћу посао са пуним радним временом.	full-time	0	0
The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.	Budućnost izgleda mračno za Edmond Dantesa, pošto je postao žrtva zavere, on je osuđen za izdaju i poslat doživotno u zatvor.	imprisoned	0	0
I'm unarmed.	Nenaoružana sam.	unarmed	0	0
They unanimously concluded that he had violated the rules against unfair imitation as well as good business practices under marketing law.	Jednoglasno su zaključili da je on prekršio pravila o nelojalnoj imitaciji i dobre poslovne prakse u zakonu o reklamiranju.	violated	0	0
All these letters are addressed to you.	Сва ова писма су упућена теби.	addressed	0	0
Police intervened, firing tear gas to disperse the crowds.	Полиција је интервенисала, испаљујући сузавац да би растурила масу.	crowds	0	0
Did you buy a wool hat?	Да ли си купила вунену капу?	wool	0	0
My right hand is numb.	Utrnula mi je desna šaka.	numb	0	0
A temporary repair usually takes considerable time, and should never be attempted unless there is nothing else to be done.	Привремена поправка обично захтева доста времена, и не треба јој прибегавати, осим у случају да није могуће урадити ништа друго.	considerable	0	0
We argued politics.	Препуцавали смо се око политике.	argued	0	0
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.	Vreme je odličan učitelj, ali nažalost ubija sve svoje učenike.	pupils	0	0
You do inspire me.	Ти ме инспиришеш.	inspire	0	0
Most women can sew on a button or run up a seam; sewing, in fact, is regarded rather as a feminine instinct than an art.	Већина жена уме да ушије дугме или направи шав; шивење је, заправо, више женствени инстикт него уметност.	feminine	0	0
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	vague	0	0
I can't help but feel partly responsible.	Не могу а да се не осећам делимично одговорном.	partly	0	0
Tom wrote the screenplay.	Том је написао сценарио.	screenplay	0	0
Are these bananas ripe?	Da li su zrele ove banane?	ripe	0	0
Pigeons may be able to detect gravity anomalies.	Голубови можда могу да детектују аномалије у гравитацији.	pigeons	0	0
Were you tempted?	Јел' те мамкало?	tempted	0	0
A lot of work can be avoided.	Много рада се може избећи.	avoided	0	0
Tom flipped the switch.	Tom je pritisnuo prekidač.	flipped	0	0
Quiz me.	Испитај ме.	quiz	0	0
This is a mosque.	Ovo je džamija.	mosque	0	0
Hungry puppies are barking on the street.	Гладни кучићи лају на улици.	puppies	0	0
Tom packed all his belongings in a small suitcase and left.	Том је спаковао своје ствари у мали кофер и отишао.	belongings	0	0
You can format and customize a worksheet, and insert and use tables, charts, formulas and functions.	Možete da formatirate i podešavate tabelu za unakrsne proračune, ubacite i koristite obične tabele, dijagrame, formule i funkcije.	functions	0	0
It's chilly.	Прохладно је.	chilly	0	0
I'm still grieving from the death of my eldest son.	Još uvek oplakujem smrt svog najstarijeg sina.	eldest	0	0
When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	traditions	0	0
He was a member of a social elite rather than the masses.	On je pre bio član društvene elite, nego predstavnik širokih masa.	masses	0	0
Tadpoles become frogs.	Пуноглавци постају жабе.	frogs	0	0
Tom often suffered from headaches.	Том је често патио од главобоља.	headaches	0	0
Send reinforcements.	Пошаљите појачање.	reinforcements	0	0
Tom was still in his pajamas when he answered the door.	Том је и даље био у пиџами када је отворио врата.	pajamas	0	0
The courier got lost.	Курир се загубио.	courier	0	0
The carrots cost three dollars.	Šargarepe koštaju tri dolara.	carrots	0	0
She translated his sentence.	Превела је његову реченицу.	translated	0	0
The cigars cost two Marks.	Cigare koštaju dve Marke.	cigars	0	0
Mary pulled her hair back in a bun.	Мери је скупила косу у пунђу.	bun	0	0
Forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.	Zabranjeno voće je uvek najslađe!	sweetest	0	0
Yum. Fried cheese.	Њам! Похован сир.	yum	0	0
The snow is melting away.	Снег се топи.	melting	0	0
I don't have the document you're requesting on hand right now.	Тренутно код себе немам документ који тражиш.	requesting	0	0
I get a monthly allowance from my parents.	Добијам месечни џепарац од родитеља.	monthly	0	0
Have you ever seen a UFO?	Da li si nekada video NLO?	ufo	0	0
Tom works at a convenience store near my house.	Том ради у самопослузи брлизу моје куће.	convenience	0	0
Does Tom need a flashlight?	Да ли Тому треба батеријска лампа?	flashlight	0	0
Tom tripped.	Том се саплете.	tripped	0	0
I shouted.	Повиках.	shouted	0	0
Such a project has of course demanded a revised budget.	Takav je projekat naravno zahtevao rebalans budžeta.	demanded	0	0
Cuff him.	Ставите му лисице.	cuff	0	0
"If P, then Q" is logically equivalent to "(Not P) and/or Q".	"Ako P, onda Q" je logički ekvivalentno sa "(Ne P) i/ili Q".	q	0	0
Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.	Veličina brushaltera u Japanu je manja od brushaltera istog broja na zapadu, zbog manje prosečne veličine grudi.	equivalent	0	0
Don't read that propaganda.	Не читај ту пропаганду.	propaganda	0	0
Does she collect butterflies?	Да ли сакупља лептире?	butterflies	0	0
The audience were fascinated by his speech.	Публику је фасцинирао његов говор.	fascinated	0	0
This is my mother. Her name is Beatrice.	Ово је моја мајка. Она се зове Беатриса.	beatrice	0	0
Tom wasn't able to talk Mary into baking a cake for John's birthday party.	Tom nije uspeo da nagovori Meri da spremi tortu za Džonovu rođendansku žurku.	baking	0	0
I was tying my shoelaces.	Везивао сам пертле.	tying	0	0
There is little doubt that the tightening of an already stripped system will have dramatic consequences for industry and municipalities in rural areas.	Postoji malo sumnje da će rezanje u već ogoljenom sistemu imati dramatične posledice za industriju i opštine u ruralnim oblastima.	stripped	0	0
To put it briefly, I do not agree.	Kratko rečeno, ja se ne slažem.	briefly	0	0
I love experimental languages.	Волим експерименталне језике.	experimental	0	0
The ancient Greeks often wore tunics.	Древни Грци су често носили тунике.	greeks	0	0
We researched the Amazon rainforest.	Stigli smo do amazonske kišne šume.	amazon	0	0
The engine's flooded.	Мотор је поплављен.	flooded	0	0
Even if bullies constantly torment my cross-eyed daughter, she knows she is the smartest of them all.	Нека силеџије константно и задиркују моју ћерку због укрштених очију, она зна да је најпаметнија од свих.	torment	0	0
She expects us to help her.	Очекује од нас да јој помогнемо.	expects	0	0
I'm a slow reader.	Ја читам споро.	reader	0	0
The doctor was typing so slowly that I wanted to grab the keyboard from her and type out the paragraph myself.	Докторка је куцала толико споро да сам пожелео да јој отмем тастатуру и откуцам параграф уместо ње.	keyboard	0	0
Yuck, there's a hair floating in the soup.	Бљак, длака плива у супи.	yuck	0	0
Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.	Proizvođači oružija treba da doniraju svoj novac organizacijama koje mogu da pomognu zemljama u ratu.	extract	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	prostitutes	0	0
Hand me a sponge.	Додај ми сунђер.	sponge	0	0
Signal lamps are used to transmit Morse code.	Signalne lampice se koriste da se prenese Morzeova azbuka.	morse	0	0
Tom is skilled.	Том је вешт.	skilled	0	0
Some children get a weekly allowance.	Нека деца добијају недељни џепарац.	allowance	0	0
Likewise.	Такође.	likewise	0	0
Tom left his sunglasses at our place.	Том је оставио наочаре код нас.	sunglasses	0	0
I baked some apple pies.	Spremio sam pitu od jabuka.	pies	0	0
Tom is trembling.	Том се тресе.	trembling	0	0
I am never at home on Sundays.	Недељом никад нисам код куће.	sundays	0	0
He hates spiders.	Он презире пауке.	spiders	0	0
Norway has many old empty cattle sheds.	Norveška ima dosta starih praznih štala.	norway	0	0
The frost did much harm to the crops.	Mraz je naneo veliku štetu usevima.	crops	0	0
He devoted his life to pursuing a vision of what he wanted to create for himself and others.	On je svoj život posvetio ostvarivanju viziju onoga što je želeo da stvori za samog sebe i druge.	pursuing	0	0
I hate karaoke.	Мрзим караоке.	karaoke	0	0
We've encountered some unexpected obstacles.	Наишли смо на неке неочекиване пререке.	encountered	0	0
In our wide world, there exist countless lifestyles, languages and cultures.	У нашем широком свету, постоји незброј стилова живота, језика и култура.	cultures	0	0
Tom was severely beaten.	Toma su žestoko prebili.	severely	0	0
Hating others is foreign to her.	Nepoznata joj je mržnja drugih.	hating	0	0
Those are novels.	То су новеле.	novels	0	0
I didn't want to go to kindergarten, but my mother made me.	Нисам хтела да идем у обданиште, али ме је мајка натерала.	kindergarten	0	0
Hope quickly fades when you encounter a difficult situation and a pointless deadlock. You must be strong.	Nada se gubi kada doživljavaš tešku situaciju i besmislenu zakočenost. Moraš biti jak.	fades	0	0
Stop interfering.	Престани да се мешаш.	interfering	0	0
Dripping water wears away a stone not with its strength, but with its constancy.	Voda koja kaplje ne odranja kamen snagom nego istrajnošću.	dripping	0	0
Nine out of ten voters believe Maria is best suited to take over as leader. But Tom will abstain from voting.	Devet od deset birača smatraju da je Marija najpogodniji kandidat za novog vođu. Ali Tom neće glasati na ovim izborima.	suited	0	0
Be merciful.	Будите милостиви.	merciful	0	0
Even if bullies constantly torment my cross-eyed daughter, she knows she is the smartest of them all.	Нека силеџије константно и задиркују моју ћерку због укрштених очију, она зна да је најпаметнија од свих.	smartest	0	0
I struggled.	Копрцао сам се.	struggled	0	0
Does Tom like surfing?	Да ли Том воли да сурфује?	surfing	0	0
There's something rotten in the state of Denmark.	Нешто је труло у држави Данској.	denmark	0	0
I resigned.	Rezignirao sam.	resigned	0	0
Are you acquainted?	Знате ли се?	acquainted	0	0
Meow.	Мјау.	meow	0	0
Appearances deceive.	Изглед вара.	appearances	0	0
Let's hope decency will prevail.	Надајмо се да ће пристојност победити.	decency	0	0
Hollywood marriages rarely last.	Холивудски бракови ретко опстају.	marriages	0	0
What kind of yogurt do you like best?	Kakav jogurt najviše voliš?	yogurt	0	0
Something is fishy here.	Нешто овде смрдуцка.	fishy	0	0
My cat scratched Tom.	Моја мачка је огребала Тома.	scratched	0	0
Black smoke came out of the chimney.	Crn dim je izlazio iz dimnjaka.	chimney	0	0
This article contains some genuinely new ideas.	Ovaj članak sadrži neke zaista nove ideje.	genuinely	0	0
This blouse is 100% cotton.	Ова блуза је 100% памук.	blouse	0	0
The buses run every thirty minutes.	Аутобуси иду на сваких тридесет минута.	buses	0	0
You can go play with your friends when your chores are done.	Možeš da ideš da se igraš sa drugarima kada završiš pospremanje kuće.	chores	0	0
Don't underestimate her determination.	Не потцењуј њену одлучност.	determination	0	0
That publishing company is in the black.	То издавачко предузеће је солвентно.	publishing	0	0
"The Thinker" is a well-known Rodin sculpture.	"Мислилац"је позната Роденова скулптура.	well-known	0	0
Tom exercises.	Том вежба.	exercises	0	0
The accident left him permanently paralyzed.	Ostao je trajno paralizovan posle nesreće.	paralyzed	0	0
Please pass the ketchup.	Додај ми кечап, молим те.	ketchup	0	0
Who responded?	Ко је одговорио?	responded	0	0
They're eating high on the hog.	Oni žive na visokoj nozi.	hog	0	0
This is a catastrophe.	Ово је катастрофа.	catastrophe	0	0
There are several churches near my house.	Има неколико цркви близу моје куће.	churches	0	0
I've been thinking about shaving my head.	Размишљао сам да обријем главу.	shaving	0	0
Try something simpler.	Пробај нешто једноставније.	simpler	0	0
Both of the entrances to the room are guarded.	Оба улаза у собу се чувају.	guarded	0	0
The airline makes sure to send luggage all the way to the final destination as soon as possible, or at a later date, at the passenger's choice.	Aviokompanija će se pobrinuti da pošalje Vaš prtljag sve do konačnog odredišta što pre, ili kasnije ako tako želi putnik.	airline	0	0
Can I talk to you privately?	Mogu li da razgovaram sa tobom nasamo?	privately	0	0
Tom had a seizure again.	Том је опет имао мождани удар.	seizure	0	0
The horse took fright and bolted.	Konj se uplašio i pobegao.	fright	0	0
Mary forgot to turn her mic off.	Мери је заборавила да искључи микрофон.	mic	0	0
You must contribute to Tatoeba only in your mother tongue.	Možete pomoći razvoju tatoebe samo na svom maternjem jeziku.	contribute	0	0
I have no siblings.	Nemam braće i sestara.	siblings	0	0
I've formatted your hard disk by mistake.	Slučajno sam formatirao tvoj hard disk.	disk	0	0
Run over any obstacle with this monster truck!	Pregazi preko bilo kakve prepreke sa ovim čudovištem od kamiona!	obstacle	0	0
Does Tom want a hamburger?	Да ли Том хоће хамбургер?	hamburger	0	0
Tom likes meeting celebrities.	Том воли да упознаје познате личности.	celebrities	0	0
I had problems solving that problem.	Imala sam problema prilikom rešavanja tog problema.	solving	0	0
I wouldn't marry Tom even if he were the richest man in the world.	Не бих се удала за Том чак и да је најбогатији човек на свету.	richest	0	0
I'm having trouble deciding where to park.	Ne mogu da odlučim gde da se parkiram.	deciding	0	0
The dispute has finally been settled.	Неспоразум је коначно окончан.	dispute	0	0
Incidents like this have happened before.	Оваквих инцидената је било и раније.	incidents	0	0
The time capsule will be opened in fifty years.	Временска капсула ће се отворити за педесет година.	capsule	0	0
In Japan, chefs must take a special exam to be allowed to prepare pufferfish.	У Јапану, кувари морају да положе посебан испит пре него што им дозволе да спремају надувачу.	chefs	0	0
Many people thought that the report was poorly written.	Много људи је мислило да је извештај написан лоше.	poorly	0	0
Tom is a bundle of nerves.	Том је на ивици живаца.	bundle	0	0
My full name is Ricardo Vernaut Junior.	Моје пуно име је Рикардо Вернаут Јуниор.	ricardo	0	0
These results are encouraging.	Резултати су охрабрујући.	encouraging	0	0
"Marco!" "Polo!"	"Марко!" "Поло!"	polo	0	0
They are singers.	Певачице су.	singers	0	0
I'm firmly opposed to this.	Čvrsto sam protiv ovoga.	firmly	0	0
I need a chauffeur.	Треба ми шофер.	chauffeur	0	0
To upgrade the firmware, you must go to the download page and download the latest version.	Da nadogradite firmver, idite na stranicu za preuzimanje i dovucite najnoviju verziju.	download	0	0
It came to a heated exchange of words.	Došlo je do žestoke svađe.	heated	0	0
How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	mathematics	0	0
In life there are ups and downs.	U životu postoje usponi i padovi.	ups	0	0
How many symphonies did Beethoven write?	Koliko simfonija je napisao Betoven?	beethoven	0	0
The judge banged his gavel.	Sudija je lupio čekićem.	banged	0	0
Were the elections rigged?	Јесу ли избори били намештени?	rigged	0	0
Your PhD thesis has to be written in English.	Disertaciju moraš da napišeš na engleskom.	thesis	0	0
Stay tuned.	Останите с нама.	tuned	0	0
After three years of work by volunteers, the system has been fully repaired.	Na sistemu je završena popravka posle tri godine volonterskog rada.	repaired	0	0
This is in itself not new for me, but the couple wanted to live in a comfortable home, which called for an extensive renovation.	Ovo samo po sebi nije nešto novo za mene, ali je taj par želeo da živi u udobnom domu, što je zahtevalo sveobuhvatno renoviranje.	extensive	0	0
I'm very optimistic about this.	Veoma sam optimistična u vezi s ovim.	optimistic	0	0
Stop apologizing.	Престаните да се извињавате.	apologizing	0	0
Can you skate?	Умете ли да клизате?	skate	0	0
Let's sit by the fireplace.	Хајде да седнемо поред камина.	fireplace	0	0
We enjoyed skating.	Уживали смо у вожњи скејта.	skating	0	0
I gave Tom a thumbs up.	Показао сам Тому палац нагоре.	thumbs	0	0
Tom unlocked the car.	Том откључа кола.	unlocked	0	0
Nay.	Јок.	nay	0	0
Tom fell off the truck while he was feeding the reindeer.	Tom je pao sa kamiona, dok je hranio irvase.	reindeer	0	0
Tom loved skiing.	Том је обожавао да скија.	skiing	0	0
A helicopter flew overhead just as Tom was about to propose to Mary.	Хеликоптер је прелетео преко нас баш кад се Том спремао да запроси Мери.	overhead	0	0
A two-meter-long live crocodile has been found in a garden greenhouse in Sweden's third largest city, Malmö.	Dva metara dugačak živi krokodil je pronađen u stakleniku u bašti u Švedskom trećem gradu po veličini - Malmou.	crocodile	0	0
Nine pounds of gold was needed to gild the victory medals.	Bilo je potrebno četiri kilograma zlata da se pozlate pobedničke medalje.	medals	0	0
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	motivation	0	0
I decided to do a little exploring.	Одлучио сам да мало истражујем.	exploring	0	0
There are many galaxies in the universe.	Postoji mnogo galaksija u univerzumu.	galaxies	0	0
"The Thinker" is a well-known Rodin sculpture.	"Мислилац"је позната Роденова скулптура.	sculpture	0	0
Whenever we talk, he gets my adrenaline going.	Kad god pričamo, zbog njega mi proradi adrenalin.	adrenaline	0	0
It was a stressful day.	To je bio stresan dan.	stressful	0	0
He likes Disney.	Он воли Дизнијеве филмове.	disney	0	0
How is this machine operated?	Како се ова машина користи?	operated	0	0
Cold numbs the limbs.	Udovi trnu od hladnoće.	limbs	0	0
Beth told Chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him.	Bet je rekla Krisu da se okupa ili ona neće izaći sa njim na sastanak.	bathe	0	0
Tom persuaded Mary to invite John to the party.	Tom je ubedio Meri da pozove Džona na žurku.	persuaded	0	0
I feel like partying.	Слави ми се.	partying	0	0
Everything went smoothly.	Све је прошло глатко.	smoothly	0	0
Africa is the cradle of humanity.	Afrika je kolevka čovečanstva.	cradle	0	0
Many people would like to be motivated, innovative, thinking beings if they could only get the opportunity.	Mnogi bi rado bili motivisana, kreativna, misleća bića, samo ako bi dobili tu šansu.	motivated	0	0
Tom stumbled over something on the ground.	Tom se sapleo o nešto sa zemlje.	stumbled	0	0
The sidewalk is slippery.	Тротоар је клизав.	sidewalk	0	0
I barely slept a wink.	Jedva da sam oka sklopio.	wink	0	0
Initially I found it difficult to deal with my new environment.	У почетку ми је било тешко да се прилагодим новом окружењу.	initially	0	0
I'm focusing on my job.	Fokusiram se na posao.	focusing	0	0
Rainy season begins in June.	Kišna sezona počinje u junu.	rainy	0	0
The dog pulled on the leash.	Пас је повукао поводац.	leash	0	0
Tom has been confined to bed for the past three months.	Том је везан за кревет последња три месеца.	confined	0	0
You're contagious.	Zarazni ste.	contagious	0	0
Hopefully we too will go to Beijing.	Nadam se da ćemo i mi posetiti Peking.	beijing	0	0
Save frequently.	Чувај редовно.	frequently	0	0
Tom suffers from chronic pain.	Tom pati od hroničkih bolova.	suffers	0	0
Cryptesthesia is another term for extrasensory perception.	Kriptestezija je drugi termin za ekstrasenzornu percepciju.	perception	0	0
Tom drummed his fingers on the table nervously.	Том је нервозно добовао прстима по столу.	nervously	0	0
Marx is a German philosopher and economist.	Маркс је немачки филозоф и економиста.	philosopher	0	0
I'm not a veteran.	Ja nisam veteran.	veteran	0	0
It was really inspiring.	Било је заиста инспиришуће.	inspiring	0	0
Do you have some chalk?	Imaš li krede?	chalk	0	0
I've been writing this manuscript for a year.	Спремам овај рукопис годину дана.	manuscript	0	0
I think she's from Austria.	Мислим да је она из Аустрије.	austria	0	0
Tom ate a whole box of chocolates by himself.	Tom je sam pojeo celu kutiju čokolada.	chocolates	0	0
I've got a bad hangover.	Imam loš mamurluk.	hangover	0	0
In the morning, we found a stranded dolphin.	Ујутру смо нашли насуканог делфина.	dolphin	0	0
A heavily delayed Norwegian airplane was able to finally depart from the Hartsfield-Jackson airport in Atlanta and head for Oslo on Tuesday night.	Sa strašnim zakašnjenjem je avion Norwegian-a sa Hartsfilda-Džekson aerodroma u Atlanti za Oslo konačno mogao da se uputi za Norvešku u utorak veče.	depart	0	0
We all knew that gold was heavier than silver.	Сви знамо да је злато теже од сребра.	heavier	0	0
No matter how busy Tom gets, he never forgets to write an email to his mother at least once a week.	Ma koliko da je Tom zauzet, nikad ne zaboravlja da napiše mejl svojoj majci barem jednom nedeljno.	forgets	0	0
It took Tom several hours to assemble a bunk bed that the instructions said would take less than an hour to assemble.	Тому је требало неколико сати да склопи кревет на спрат за чије склапање је упуство казало да ће трајати мање од сат времена.	assemble	0	0
Evidently not.	Очигледно не.	evidently	0	0
The inverse of a non-square matrix is a dangerous thing.	Инверз неквадратне матрице је опасна ствар.	matrix	0	0
Tom and Mary once jumped together from Pulpit Rock with a parachute. It was a short but magical experience.	Tom i Marija su zajedno skočili sa Preikestolna sa padobranom. To je bilo kratak, ali magični doživljaj.	parachute	0	0
We are classmates.	Идемо заједно у одељење.	classmates	0	0
Hold me tighter.	Држи ме чвршће.	tighter	0	0
The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	christianity	0	0
The cat was lying stretched out at full length in the sunlight streaming through the window.	Mačka je ležala ispružena celom dužinom na sunčevoj svetlosti koja je prodirala kroz prozor.	stretched	0	0
In a successful negotiation both parties usually win, and no one acts in a way that damages their own long-term interests, even though there is often a small margin that one can negotiate about.	U uspešnom pregovaranju obično pobeđuju obe strane, i niko se ne ponaša na način koji šteti sopstvenim dugoročnim interesima, iako često postoji mala margina oko čega se može pregovarati.	damages	0	0
"When'd you go to sleep last night?" "4 o'clock." "What? What were you doing up so late?" "Talking on the phone with my ex-boyfriend."	"Kada si legla da spavaš sinoć?" "U 4." "Šta? Šta si radila toliko kasno?" "Pričala sam sa bivšim na telefonu."	ex-boyfriend	0	0
The drummer was Tom.	Бубњар је био Том.	drummer	0	0
I ran some errands for Tom.	ОБавио сам неке послиће за Тома.	errands	0	0
You hypocrite!	Хипокриту један!	hypocrite	0	0
A man without ideals is hollow.	Човек без идеала је празан.	ideals	0	0
Tom illegally crossed the border.	Том је нелегално прешао границу.	illegally	0	0
Bitcoin and Ethereum are virtual currencies.	Биткоин и етеријум су виртуелне валуте.	virtual	0	0
Tom testified.	Том је сведочио.	testified	0	0
It is much easier to rest on the bicycle by slowing than to dismount.	Много је лакше одморити се на бициклу успоравањем него силажењем.	slowing	0	0
Tom stifled a groan.	Tom je ispustio prigušeni uzdah.	groan	0	0
It's of no consequence.	Nema posledica.	consequence	0	0
I'll give you a couple of examples.	Даћу ти неколико примера.	examples	0	0
Have you tried negotiating?	Да ли си пробао да преговараш?	negotiating	0	0
My joints ache.	Боле ме зглобови.	ache	0	0
I've never been a gambler.	Никад нисам био коцкар.	gambler	0	0
The sky became darker and darker.	Nebo je bivalo tamnije i tamnije.	darker	0	0
Tom is a crude man.	Том је груб човек.	crude	0	0
Can I use your dictionary?	Mogu li da koristim tvoj rečnik?	dictionary	0	0
I oppose it.	Против тога сам.	oppose	0	0
You should clip your fingernails.	Trebalo bi da skratiš nokte.	fingernails	0	0
Tom takes vitamin and mineral pills every day.	Том сваког дана узима таблете са витаминима и минералима.	mineral	0	0
I was the only man in the tour group. The others were 7 Arab women who live in Istanbul.	Bio sam jedini muškarac u turističkoj grupi. Ostatak su činile arapkinje koje žive u Istanbulu.	istanbul	0	0
That must be tempting.	Mora da je primamljivo.	tempting	0	0
Curtains of grass and bamboo covered the windows.	Завесе траве и бамбуса се прекривале прозоре.	bamboo	0	0
Octopus Paul was right.	Oktopod Pol je bio u pravu.	octopus	0	0
In the morning, we found a stranded dolphin.	Ујутру смо нашли насуканог делфина.	stranded	0	0
I'm starved.	Мртва сам гладна.	starved	0	0
In case of collision, the vehicle which has maintained the proper side of the roadway has the advantage in case of legal controversy.	У случају судара, возило које се правилно држало своје стран пута има предност у случају легалних контроверзија.	collision	0	0
The Hungarian language is not simple, but wonderful.	Mađarski jezik nije lak, ali je divan.	hungarian	0	0
They say that when dogs bark, the caravan still moves on.	Каже се да пас лаје а каравн пролази.	caravan	0	0
His nose bled.	Крварио му је нос.	bled	0	0
There was not a long queue at the bus stop.	Red je bio veliki na autobuskoj stanici.	queue	0	0
Recess ended.	Распуст се завршио.	recess	0	0
Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	powerless	0	0
Witnessing cruelty to animals, children may become cruel.	Kao svedoci surovog odnosa prema životinjama, deca mogu postati surova.	cruelty	0	0
Does Tom play squash?	Да ли Том игра сквош?	squash	0	0
The stable is next to the saloon.	Штала је поред салона.	saloon	0	0
I apologized.	Izvinila sam se.	apologized	0	0
That's a valid criticism.	То је валидна критика.	criticism	0	0
She looks lonesome.	Изгледа усамљено.	lonesome	0	0
Could you please pack this separately?	Можеш ли ово да спакујеш засебно?	separately	0	0
We are Arabs.	Ми смо Арапи.	arabs	0	0
Tom is muscular and athletic.	Tom je mišićav i atletski građen.	athletic	0	0
I didn't understand anything at today's seminar.	Нисам разумео ништа на данашњем семинару.	seminar	0	0
Readers had been waiting in suspense for at least three months before they got an answer.	Čitaoci su bili na mukama, čekajući najmanje tri meseca pre nego što su dobili odgovor.	readers	0	0
I ate caviar.	Појео сам кавијар.	caviar	0	0
He loves rituals.	On obožava rituale.	rituals	0	0
Tom could be disguised.	Tom bi mogao da bude prerušen.	disguised	0	0
Stop babbling.	Престани да трабуњаш.	babbling	0	0
After that newspaper wrote that no farmer wanted to work as a tenant in Vestfold, interest has skyrocketed.	Pošto što su te novine bile pisale o tome da ni jedan zemljoradnik ne želi da radi kao zakupac u Vestfoldu, interesovanje je naglo poraslo.	tenant	0	0
Many people who have diabetes don't know that they have it.	Много људи који имају дијабетес ни не знају да га имају.	diabetes	0	0
Alternate.	Смењујте се.	alternate	0	0
This book will help you write effectively.	Ova knjiga će ti pomoći da pišeš efikasno.	effectively	0	0
This is hair dye.	Ово је фарба за косу.	dye	0	0
I'm excited at the prospect of meeting Tom.	Једва чекам да се упознам са Томом.	prospect	0	0
One man has been arrested and charged with the voluntary manslaughter of 25-year-old Mary Tomson.	Jedan čovek je uhapšen i optužen za namerno ubistvo iz nehata 25-godišnje Marije Tomson.	manslaughter	0	0
The ground is still damp.	Земља је и даље влажна.	damp	0	0
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right thigh bone in a bicycling accident Sunday in France.	Sekretar Sjedinjenih država Džon Keri polomio je desnu butnu kost u biciklističkoj nezgodi u nedelju u Francuskoj.	thigh	0	0
Tom didn't try to deny Mary's accusation.	Tom nije pokušao da porekne Merinu osudu.	accusation	0	0
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me.	Plaši me večna tišina sa ovih beskonačnih prostora.	spaces	0	0
The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.	Korišćenje kondoma tokom vaginalnog i analnog odnosa, i u oralnom seksu je najbolja preventivna mera.	oral	0	0
Tom used an alias.	Том је користио алијас.	alias	0	0
Tom's parents died in an automobile accident when he was three years old.	Томови родитељи су погинули у саобраћајној несрећи када је имао три године.	automobile	0	0
I used to get bullied in school.	Малтретирали су ме у школи.	bullied	0	0
Spider-Man is cool. Spiders are NOT.	Спајдермен је кул. Пауци нису.	spider-man	0	0
I'm still grieving from the death of my eldest son.	Još uvek oplakujem smrt svog najstarijeg sina.	grieving	0	0
Tom looked stunned.	Tom je izgledao zaprepašćeno.	stunned	0	0
I like sunny mornings.	Волим сунчана јутра.	mornings	0	0
Tom froze.	Том се следио.	froze	0	0
My kidnappers were never arrested.	Људи који су ме киднаповали никад нису ухапшени.	kidnappers	0	0
Anatomical breast implants, however, can also deform the shape of the breast if they rotate sideways.	Anatomski implanti za grudi, međutim, takođe mogu da dovedu do deformacije oblika grudi ako rotiraju na bok.	sideways	0	0
I lowered my sword.	Спустио сам мач.	lowered	0	0
How often do you upload videos to YouTube?	Koliko često kačiš snimke na Jutjub?	youtube	0	0
Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	troll	0	0
I've made a mushroom omelette.	Направио сам омлет од печурака.	mushroom	0	0
There's a lot of traffic on the freeway.	Ima mnogo saobraćaja na auto-putu.	freeway	0	0
I was never a believer of Christianity.	Nikad nisam bio vernik Hrišćanstva.	believer	0	0
How much does a loaf of bread cost?	Колико кошта векна хлеба?	loaf	0	0
I've never doubted that.	Никад нисам сумњао у то.	doubted	0	0
Everyone farts.	Свако прди.	farts	0	0
Did you bring a hair dryer?	Da li si doneo fen?	dryer	0	0
I'm always moody.	Uvek sam mrzovoljan.	moody	0	0
Nobody knew it was Tom who donated three million dollars to the orphanage.	Нико није знао да је Том тај који је донирао три милиона долара сиротилишту.	donated	0	0
I get more than two hundred emails a day.	Dobijam preko dvesta mejlova na dan.	emails	0	0
I can't answer your question with any certainty.	Ne mogu da odgovorim na Vaše pitanje sa bilo kakvom sigurnošću.	certainty	0	0
At the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand.	Kada mu je bilo šest godina naučio je da kuca na pisaćoj mašini, i rekao je učitelju da ne treba da uči da piše rukom.	typewriter	0	0
Tom got drunk and drowned his sorrows in that one night of intemperance.	Tom se bio napio i utopio je svoju tugu, posle te jedne noći pijančenja.	sorrows	0	0
Is that a coyote?	Да ли је то којот?	coyote	0	0
This also raises an ethical question.	Postoji i etičko pitanje koje je postavljeno o ovome.	raises	0	0
I like crowded beaches.	Волим гужве на плажи.	beaches	0	0
Statistics are easy to misinterpret.	Lako je da se statistika pogrešno tumači.	statistics	0	0
The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.	Korišćenje kondoma tokom vaginalnog i analnog odnosa, i u oralnom seksu je najbolja preventivna mera.	intercourse	0	0
Even Tom couldn't resist Mary's charms.	Чак ни Том није могао да одоли Мерином шарму.	charms	0	0
I love grilled mushrooms.	Обожавам гриловане печурке.	grilled	0	0
It's very exhausting work.	То је веома напоран рад.	exhausting	0	0
She decided to move to Belgium.	Одлучила је да се пресели у Белгију.	belgium	0	0
One learns by doing.	Uči se tako što se radi.	learns	0	0
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.	Свако има право на заштиту моралних и материјалних интереса који проистичу из било ког научног, књижевног или уметничког дела чији је он творац.	literary	0	0
The left side of Tom's home is in Connecticut, while the right side is in New York.	Leva strana Tomove kuće je u Konektikatu, a destra strana je u Njujorku.	connecticut	0	0
Tom does what he pleases.	Том ради шта хоће.	pleases	0	0
The sea has risen, the sea of peoples.	More se podiglo, more ljudi.	risen	0	0
There is no answer to what is best, as it will always be dependent on the individual and the situation.	Ne postoji odgovor na pitanje šta je najbolje, jer je uvek individualno i zavisi od situacije.	dependent	0	0
Have you ever been sued?	Да ли те је неко некад тужио?	sued	0	0
The effects of climate change are far less pronounced in Antarctica than in the northern polar regions.	Efekat klimanskih promena je mnogo manje izražen na Antartiku nego u severnim polarnim predelima.	pronounced	0	0
Peaches taste sweet.	Брескве су слатке.	peaches	0	0
A quadrilateral is a geometric figure with four sides and four angles.	Četvorougao je geometrijska figura sa četiri stranice i četiri ugla.	angles	0	0
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right thigh bone in a bicycling accident Sunday in France.	Sekretar Sjedinjenih država Džon Keri polomio je desnu butnu kost u biciklističkoj nezgodi u nedelju u Francuskoj.	kerry	0	0
FIFA is composed of 209 member associations.	FIFA se sastoji od 209 udruženja.	composed	0	0
Tom enjoys reading novels.	Том ужива да чита новеле.	enjoys	0	0
Everyone seeks happiness.	Сви траже срећу.	seeks	0	0
Up until now everything was predictable.	Досад је све било предвидљиво.	predictable	0	0
"Granite" is often mispronounced by natives.	Reč "granite" obično pogrešno izgovaraju i ljudi čiji je maternji jezik engleski.	natives	0	0
I feel itchy.	Нешто ме сврби.	itchy	0	0
Nine out of ten voters believe Maria is best suited to take over as leader. But Tom will abstain from voting.	Devet od deset birača smatraju da je Marija najpogodniji kandidat za novog vođu. Ali Tom neće glasati na ovim izborima.	voters	0	0
More haste, less speed.	Što je brzo to je i kuso.	haste	0	0
What's the commotion all about?	U čemu je stvar sa ovom pometnjom?	commotion	0	0
Dinosaurs went extinct about 65 million years ago.	Диносауруси су изумрли пре око 65 милиона година.	extinct	0	0
My joints ache.	Боле ме зглобови.	joints	0	0
Is this a stallion or a mare?	Da li je ovo pastuv ili kobila?	mare	0	0
That was probably what influenced their decision.	Вероватно им је то утицало на одлуку.	influenced	0	0
Tom asked Mary to recite the poem she wrote.	Tom je pitao Meri da izrecituje pesmu koju je napisala.	recite	0	0
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.	Могу да додирнем под длановима а да не савијем колена.	palms	0	0
Columbus discovered America.	Колумбо је открио Америку.	columbus	0	0
Don't exaggerate.	Nemoj da preteraš.	exaggerate	0	0
Why don't you eat pineapple?	Зашто не једеш ананас?	pineapple	0	0
Indeed, in hot weather it is important not to encase the ankles in heavy boots or leggings, as these would ensure overheating.	Заиста, током врућина је важно да чланци не буту прекривени дебелим чизмама или чарапама, јер би се тиме осигурало прегревање.	ankles	0	0
I understand that they are a thorn in the eye to people like you, but this is simply pathetic.	Shvatam da su oni trn u oku takvima kao ti, ali ovo je samo bedno.	thorn	0	0
I feel good after a workout.	Осећам се добро после тренинга.	workout	0	0
I prefer apples to oranges.	Više volim jabuke od narandži.	oranges	0	0
Layla had a large circle of friends.	Lejla ima širok krug prijatelja.	layla	0	0
Tom realizes that he's in trouble.	Том схвата да је у невољи.	realizes	0	0
Do not draw hasty conclusions.	Nemoj da olako donosiš zaključke.	hasty	0	0
That is intriguing.	To je zanimljivo.	intriguing	0	0
Is there an ATM nearby?	Има ли неки банкомат у близини?	atm	0	0
Giraffes have very long necks.	Жирафе имају веома дугачке вратове.	necks	0	0
If the rental period is extended beyond the agreed period, a prorated rent shall be calculated.	Ako se period iznajmljivanja produži izvan ugovorenog perioda, obračunaće se proporcionalni dodatak kirije.	calculated	0	0
Picasso is a famous artist.	Пикасо је чувени уметник.	picasso	0	0
We've encountered some unexpected obstacles.	Наишли смо на неке неочекиване пререке.	obstacles	0	0
Tom suspects that Mary and I are plotting something.	Tom sumnja da Meri i ja smerano nešto.	plotting	0	0
He has greasy hair.	Има масну косу.	greasy	0	0
My father supports me financially.	Отац ме издржава финансијски.	supports	0	0
This is a straightforward case.	Ti je jednostavna stvar.	straightforward	0	0
Tom picked Mary up the same way a man carries his new bride across the threshold and gave her a kiss on the cheek.	Том је подигао Мери на исти начин на који мушкарац преноси своју младу преко прага и пољубио је у образ.	threshold	0	0
She tends to be late.	Sklona je kašnjenju.	tends	0	0
I'm glad you replied.	Drago mi je da ste odgovorili.	replied	0	0
The chain should be placed in kerosene and left to soak.	Ланац треба ставити у керозин и оставити да се натопи.	soak	0	0
Rejection hurts.	Бити одбијен боли.	rejection	0	0
Tom suffers from chronic pain.	Tom pati od hroničkih bolova.	chronic	0	0
I think it can be deleted.	Мислим да може да се обрише.	deleted	0	0
There were over thirty children on board the ship that sank.	Било је преко тридесеторо деце на броду који је потонуо.	sank	0	0
I see a resemblance.	Видим сличност.	resemblance	0	0
Tom's mouth was taped shut with duct tape.	Томова уста су била зачепљена лепљивом траком.	taped	0	0
Anyone can get head lice.	Svako može da dobije vaške.	lice	0	0
I took three cold tablets before I lay down.	Uzeo sam tri tablete za prehladu pre nego što sam legao.	tablets	0	0
Does it itch?	Да ли те сврби?	itch	0	0
What's the secret ingredient?	Шта је тајни састојак?	ingredient	0	0
It's a disease that can't be prevented.	То је болест коју није могуће спречити.	prevented	0	0
Let me just clarify that.	Само да појасним то.	clarify	0	0
We banished him from the country.	Proterali smo ga iz zemlje.	banished	0	0
The royal wedding was a great spectacle.	Kraljevsko venšanje je bilo veliki spektakl.	spectacle	0	0
Was Tom delusional?	Da li je tom bio u zabludi?	delusional	0	0
I think everyone's overreacting.	Mislim da svi preetruju.	overreacting	0	0
Did you copy and paste this from somewhere?	Да ли си ово прекопирао однекуд?	paste	0	0
Do you want to see the total solar eclipse that will leave Svalbard in the dark on March 20, 2015?	Da li želiš da vidiš totalno pomračenje Sunca koje će ostaviti Svalbard u mraku 20. Marta 2015.?	eclipse	0	0
I really like oysters.	Баш волим ослиће.	oysters	0	0
Today I'll point out the pros and cons of outsourcing.	Danas ću ukazati na prednosti i mane outsourcinga.	pros	0	0
Are we undemocratic when we try to impose our own linguistic norms on others?	Da li smo mi to nedemokratski kada pokušavamo da nad drugima forsiramo naše sopstvene jezičke norme?	impose	0	0
I need the user manual.	Треба ми корисничко упуство.	user	0	0
The rumour quickly spread.	Glasina se brzo proširila.	rumour	0	0
Thanks for the correction.	Хвала на исправци.	correction	0	0
Tom uses anabolic steroids.	Том користи анаболичке стероиде.	steroids	0	0
I know nothing about witchcraft.	Не знам ништа о вештичарењу.	witchcraft	0	0
In a successful negotiation both parties usually win, and no one acts in a way that damages their own long-term interests, even though there is often a small margin that one can negotiate about.	U uspešnom pregovaranju obično pobeđuju obe strane, i niko se ne ponaša na način koji šteti sopstvenim dugoročnim interesima, iako često postoji mala margina oko čega se može pregovarati.	negotiation	0	0
You're very persistent.	Веома сте упорне.	persistent	0	0
I have a bruise.	Imam modricu.	bruise	0	0
I take vitamins every day.	Pijem vitamine svaki dan.	vitamins	0	0
Seniors need to pay for their caps and gowns.	Seniori treba da plate svoje kape i haljine.	caps	0	0
My stepfather hated me.	Очух ме је мрзео.	stepfather	0	0
Tom went into his bedroom and slammed the door.	Том је отишао у спаваћу собу и треснуо вратима.	slammed	0	0
Helicopters are noisy.	Хеликоптери су бучни.	helicopters	0	0
Be more flexible.	Будите флексибилији.	flexible	0	0
Tom prefers dogs to cats.	Том више воли псе од мачака.	prefers	0	0
The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	cork	0	0
The street is icy.	Улица је залеђена.	icy	0	0
Tom and I are still roommates.	Том и ја смо и даље цимери.	roommates	0	0
I was very interested in taking part in building a stronger academic curriculum regarding programming.	Bio sam vrlo zainteresovan da učestvujem u izgradnji intezivnijeg akademskog plana za programiranje.	programming	0	0
I asked for grape juice.	Potražio sam sok od grožđa.	grape	0	0
The pools were drained.	Базени су исушени.	drained	0	0
Any saddle may be adjusted to be comfortable, but saddles seldom remain comfortable after being adjusted.	Свако седиште се може подесити да буде удобно, али седишта ретко остају удобна после подешавања.	seldom	0	0
Tom's mouth was taped shut with duct tape.	Томова уста су била зачепљена лепљивом траком.	duct	0	0
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	dimensions	0	0
What have you concluded?	Šta si zaključio?	concluded	0	0
We're not accustomed to waiting.	Нисмо навукнути на чекање.	accustomed	0	0
Clean your lips with the napkin.	Obriši usne salvetom.	napkin	0	0
They are muddy.	Блатњаве су.	muddy	0	0
That's Saturn.	To je Saturn.	saturn	0	0
You are saying you intentionally hide your good looks?	Kažeš da si namerno sakrio svoju dobru stranu?	intentionally	0	0
In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	canned	0	0
I was a little startled.	Мало ме је штрецнуло.	startled	0	0
Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.	Tom je predao listu tema koje bi mogle da uđu u plan za godišnji sastanak.	submitted	0	0
The police detained several suspects for questioning.	Policija je privela nekoliko osumnjičenih na ispitivanje.	detained	0	0
I like chopping wood.	Волим да цепам дрва.	chopping	0	0
Tell your son to quit harassing my daughter.	Reci svom sinu da prestane da maltretira moju ćerku.	harassing	0	0
Mary is a hairdresser.	Мери је фризерка.	hairdresser	0	0
A heavily delayed Norwegian airplane was able to finally depart from the Hartsfield-Jackson airport in Atlanta and head for Oslo on Tuesday night.	Sa strašnim zakašnjenjem je avion Norwegian-a sa Hartsfilda-Džekson aerodroma u Atlanti za Oslo konačno mogao da se uputi za Norvešku u utorak veče.	norwegian	0	0
Quit stalling.	Престани да одуговлачиш.	stalling	0	0
Tom keeps enough money for a taxi fare home tucked in his sock when he goes out drinking.	Tom čuva dovoljno novca zabodenog u čarapi za vožnju taksijem do kuće kada izlazi da pije.	tucked	0	0
Tom mumbles a lot.	Том често мумла.	mumbles	0	0
The staircase is narrow.	Степениште је уско.	staircase	0	0
When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	fraternity	0	0
Sigmund Freud was a famous Australian neurologist.	Сигмунд Фројд је био познати Аустралијиски неуролог.	freud	0	0
The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.	Svet je bio nasamom rubu nuklearnog rata tokom Kubanske raketne krize oktobra 1962.	brink	0	0
It is said that a new restaurant was constructed.	Kaže se da je sagrađen novi restoran.	constructed	0	0
Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	tasks	0	0
I have a printer.	Имам штампач.	printer	0	0
I should get to Boston by lunchtime.	Требало би да стигнем у Бостон до ручка.	lunchtime	0	0
That shop sells a lot of imported items.	Та продавница продаје много увезене робе.	imported	0	0
Honestly, I've only had one advantage over most of the others, and that is that I've been good in constantly improving myself.	Iskreno, ja sam imao samo jednu prednost nad većinom drugih, a to je da sam bio dobar u tome da se stalno unapređujem.	improving	0	0
He is not an American but an Englishman.	On nije Amerikanac, nego Englez.	englishman	0	0
All pumps and alarm systems failed, and large amounts of water flooded into the Oslofjord Tunnel three days ago.	Pre tri dana su sve pumpe i alarmni sistemi otkazali, i velika količina vode je prodrla u oslofjordski tunel.	pumps	0	0
By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.	Oni su slučajno čuli nekakvu sumnjivu aktivnost u šipražju što ukazuje da je medved namirisao njihovu hranu.	indicated	0	0
Are you going to send this by parcel post?	Da li ćeš ovo poslati kao poštanska pošiljka?	parcel	0	0
I can't approve the project. It leaves much to be desired.	Ne mogu da odobrim ovaj projekat. Ima puno nedostataka.	desired	0	0
Open windows are good for cooling.	Отворени прозори су добри за расхлађивање.	cooling	0	0
One of the many advantages of cycling is that the exercise involved is not limited to the use of any one set of muscles.	Једна од многих предности бициклизма је то што релевантне вежбе нису ограничене на коришћење само једног скупа мишића.	advantages	0	0
I carried out an analysis that showed that much more money would be needed than they had previously anticipated.	Sproveo sam analizu koja je pokazala da bi bilo potrebno mnogo više novca nego što su ranije očekivali.	anticipated	0	0
It's been colder than usual this year.	Ове године је било хладније него обично.	colder	0	0
Smoking is prohibited in every section of the restaurant.	Пушење је забрањено у сваком делу ресторана.	prohibited	0	0
The kids fought with each other, so the parents had to intervene.	Deca su bila nasrnula jedna na drugo, tako da su roditelji morali da se umešaju.	intervene	0	0
She left for Osaka yesterday.	Juče je otišla u Osaku.	osaka	0	0
Hitler was one of the most infamous dictators.	Хитлер је био један од најпознатијих диктатора.	infamous	0	0
Stop exaggerating.	Доста с претеривањем.	exaggerating	0	0
Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	vertical	0	0
Mary used walking poles to assist her with the uphill and downhill sections of the journey.	Meri je koristila štapove za hodanje koje su joj pomogle pri usponima i padovima na putovanju.	sections	0	0
You can upgrade your computer with more random access memory to make the PC faster.	Možeš da apgrejduješ svoj računar sa više RAM memorije da ubrzaš svoj PC.	pc	0	0
How thrilling!	Kako uzbudljivo!	thrilling	0	0
I'm hopeful.	Надам се.	hopeful	0	0
Those sneakers are ugly.	Те патике су одвратне.	sneakers	0	0
Christmas is December 25th.	Католички Божић је 25. децембра.	25th	0	0
Get undressed.	Скините се.	undressed	0	0
He felt uneasy.	Осетио се нелагодно.	uneasy	0	0
To know oneself is very difficult.	Znati samog sebe je jako teško.	oneself	0	0
Tom is a bit eccentric.	Tom je osobenjak.	eccentric	0	0
We must consume less!	Moramo da manje trošimo!	consume	0	0
When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	praised	0	0
We surrendered.	Предали смо се.	surrendered	0	0
I wasn't welcomed there.	Није ми пружена добродошлица тамо.	welcomed	0	0
In life there are ups and downs.	У животу постоје успони и падови.	downs	0	0
Tom will be retiring in three weeks.	Tom će se penzionisati za tri nedelje.	retiring	0	0
The probability of that ever happening is very small.	Вероватноћа да се то икад догоди је веома мала.	probability	0	0
We would like to distribute your product in Japan.	Желели бисмо да дистрибуирамо вас производ у Јапану.	distribute	0	0
I prefer a tent with storm flaps and intersecting tent poles to provide stability against wind and resistance against the weight of snow, and it must be a two-layer tent.	Više volim šator sa olujnim pokrivačem, zajedno sa ukrštenim šipkama zbog stabilnosti na vetru i snežnih nanosa, i ovo mora da bude dvoslojni šator.	stability	0	0
They still haven't woken up.	Još se nisu probudili.	woken	0	0
Does Tom like strawberries?	Да ли Том воли јагоде?	strawberries	0	0
You need a car if you live in the suburbs.	Potreban ti je automobil ako živiš u predgrađu.	suburbs	0	0
Those clocks got broken.	Ови сатови су се сломили.	clocks	0	0
Quit bragging.	Не размећи се више.	bragging	0	0
He lacks experience.	Фали му искуство.	lacks	0	0
This was refined and embodied in a personality so weird, rigid and stubborn that very few dared to closely work with him.	Ovo je bilo prefinjeno i oličeno u ličnosti tako čudnoj, krutoj i tvrdoglavoj da se malo ko usuđivao da blisko sarađuje sa njim.	refined	0	0
The enquiry concluded that, despite his denials, the chief executive would have had to have known about the illegal practices occurring in the company.	Istragom je ustanovljeno da je, uprkos svom poricanju, šef morao da zna sve o nelegalnim zbivanjima u njegovoj kompaniji.	practices	0	0
There is a danger of serious injury if these precautions are not followed.	Postoji opasnost od ozbiljnih povreda ukoliko se ove mere predostrožnosti ne ispoštuju.	precautions	0	0
Tom thanked Mary in French.	Том је захвалио Мери на француском.	thanked	0	0
If a man is promoted before a woman, it's called favoritism. If she gets promoted before a man, it's called equality.	Ako se muškarac unapredi ispred žene - to se naziva favorizovanje. Ako ona bude unapređena, ispred muškarca, to se naziva jednakost.	equality	0	0
You can format and customize a worksheet, and insert and use tables, charts, formulas and functions.	Možete da formatirate i podešavate tabelu za unakrsne proračune, ubacite i koristite obične tabele, dijagrame, formule i funkcije.	insert	0	0
Mary used walking poles to assist her with the uphill and downhill sections of the journey.	Meri je koristila štapove za hodanje koje su joj pomogle pri usponima i padovima na putovanju.	downhill	0	0
Learn to pedal slowly and steadily and to start and stop easily.	Научи да педалаш полако али сигурно и да лако полазиш и заустављаш се.	pedal	0	0
What are your ambitions?	Koje su vaše ambicije?	ambitions	0	0
Unfamiliar terrain can be difficult to traverse.	Može biti teško obići nepoznati teren.	terrain	0	0
This is communism.	Ово је комунизам.	communism	0	0
Hurray!	Ура!	hurray	0	0
You're irresistible.	Неодољив си.	irresistible	0	0
Don't tempt fate.	Не изазивај судбину.	tempt	0	0
Tom tried the knob.	Tom je probao dugme.	knob	0	0
Let's move the dresser.	Hajde da pomerimo ormar.	dresser	0	0
You can't play tennis on a windy day.	Ne možeš da igraš tenis po vetrovitom danu.	windy	0	0
Norwegian prisons are the most luxurious in the world.	Norveški zatvori su najluksuzniji na svetu.	prisons	0	0
It wasn't worth mentioning.	Није било вредно помена.	mentioning	0	0
Tom's productive.	Том је продуктиван.	productive	0	0
One way to get vitamin D is from sunshine.	Један начин да се унесе витамин D јесте излагањем сунцу.	vitamin	0	0
Many factors need to be considered.	Много утицаја мора да се узме у обзир.	factors	0	0
You could hear the desperation in Mary's voice.	Mogao si da čuješ utučenost u Merinom glasu.	desperation	0	0
Stop resisting!	Престаните да се одупирете!	resisting	0	0
To err is human, to forgive divine.	Људски је грешити, божански опраштати.	err	0	0
Signal lamps are used to transmit Morse code.	Signalne lampice se koriste da se prenese Morzeova azbuka.	lamps	0	0
A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	kgb	0	0
Tom is from a wealthy and influential family.	Том долази из богате и имућне породице.	influential	0	0
Rugs absorb sound.	Теписи упијају звук.	absorb	0	0
Strong commitment to the environment is not compatible with large investments in oil and gas.	Snažna posvećnost životnoj sredini nije kompatibilna sa velikim investicijama u naftu i gas.	investments	0	0
Tom concentrated.	Том се сконцентриса.	concentrated	0	0
I enjoy swimming laps.	Обожавам да пливам дужине.	laps	0	0
Tom underestimated me.	Tom me je potcenio.	underestimated	0	0
There are different ways of measuring levels of proficiency in a language.	Постоје различити начини на које може да се мери ниво познавања језика.	measuring	0	0
Astrobiology is the study of life’s origins on Earth and the potential for life in Universe.	Астробиологија је наука која проучава порекло живота на Земљи и могућност за живот у универзуму.	origins	0	0
We exchanged greetings.	Разменили смо поздраве.	exchanged	0	0
My friend scored 95 on the maths exam.	Moja drugarica je dobila 95 poena na ispitu iz matematike.	maths	0	0
Penguins are birds, not fish.	Пингвини су птице, не рибе.	penguins	0	0
I'm studying economics.	Студирам економију.	economics	0	0
She was never disrespectful to me.	Никад није била неучтива према мени.	disrespectful	0	0
His remark is open to misunderstanding.	Njegov komentar je lako razumeti na pogrešan način.	remark	0	0
Who are you describing?	Koga opisuješ?	describing	0	0
I'll need some help with this task because I don't get the basics.	Trebaće mi mala pomoć sa ovim zadatkom, jer ne shvatam osnovne stvari.	basics	0	0
Tom had to rewrite his essay.	Tom je morao da ponovo napiše svoj esej.	rewrite	0	0
Tom is one of Boston's best attorneys.	Tom je jedan od najboljih advokata u Bostonu.	attorneys	0	0
I feel like eating some roasted chestnuts.	Једе ми се печено кестење.	roasted	0	0
I don't mean to nag you.	Neću da te napinjem.	nag	0	0
Does Tom like hiking?	Да ли Том воли да пешачи?	hiking	0	0
Tom has been renting this apartment, but he doesn't live here.	Том изнајмљује овај стан, али не живи овде.	renting	0	0
The mayor presented the prizes in person.	Gradonačelnik je lično uručio nagrade.	prizes	0	0
We therefore introduce a small portable cabin that can be divided in half and carried anywhere.	Mi smo stoga postavili malu prenosivu kolibu koja se može podeliti na dva dela i može da se odveze bilo gde.	portable	0	0
Tom accepted the job without hesitation.	Том је прихватио посао без оклевања.	hesitation	0	0
I jog in the morning.	Biegam rano.	jog	0	0
You shithead!	Дупеглавцу!	shithead	0	0
This is her handbag.	Ово је њена ташна.	handbag	0	0
You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.	Bolje milom nego silom.	vinegar	0	0
Everyone has faults.	Свако има мане.	faults	0	0
I showed Tom the sketches I'd made.	Показао сам Тому своје цртеже.	sketches	0	0
Be respectful.	Будите уљудни.	respectful	0	0
My father supports me financially.	Отац ме издржава финансијски.	financially	0	0
Are you being sarcastic?	Da li si sarkastičan?	sarcastic	0	0
The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.	Korišćenje kondoma tokom vaginalnog i analnog odnosa, i u oralnom seksu je najbolja preventivna mera.	anal	0	0
Shakespeare is one of the greatest poets.	Шекспир је један од највећих поета.	poets	0	0
This billionaire has 5 homes in 4 different countries.	Ovaj milijarder ima pet kuća u četiri različitih država.	billionaire	0	0
In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	cardboard	0	0
Hugs!	Љубим те.	hugs	0	0
Tom is cooperative.	Том је добар за сарадњу.	cooperative	0	0
A student from Oslo who falsified his diploma to get into college has been sentenced to prison.	Jedan student iz Osla koji je falsifikovao svoju diplomu da se upiše na fakultet je bio osuđen na zatvor.	diploma	0	0
There is little doubt that the tightening of an already stripped system will have dramatic consequences for industry and municipalities in rural areas.	Postoji malo sumnje da će rezanje u već ogoljenom sistemu imati dramatične posledice za industriju i opštine u ruralnim oblastima.	rural	0	0
Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.	Veličina brushaltera u Japanu je manja od brushaltera istog broja na zapadu, zbog manje prosečne veličine grudi.	sizes	0	0
The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.	Govori će se baviti problemom zagađenja.	pollution	0	0
A friend of mine can speak Hindi fluently.	Moj prijatelj može tečno da govori Hindi.	hindi	0	0
They squeezed together.	Zgurali su se zajedno.	squeezed	0	0
I don't have any assistants.	Немам никакве помоћнике.	assistants	0	0
The entire class stared at Tom.	Цело одељење је зурило у Тома.	stared	0	0
I'm happy the medicine the doctor prescribed really worked.	Срећан сам што лек који ми је доктор преписао ради.	prescribed	0	0
Stop swearing.	Престани да псујеш.	swearing	0	0
It took an hour and a half to control the blaze.	Било је потребно сат и по времена да се пожар водеве под контролу.	blaze	0	0
He fell backward.	Пао је уназад.	backward	0	0
Scientists interpret it differently.	Научници то тумаче на другачији начин.	interpret	0	0
Do you think you'll be able to drive a car when you are eighty years old?	Мислиш ли да ћеш моћи да возиш ауто када будеш имао осамдесет година?	eighty	0	0
Tom goes to school for graphic design.	Tom ide u školu za grafički dizajn.	graphic	0	0
You're being irrational.	Iracionalni ste.	irrational	0	0
You can upgrade your computer with more random access memory to make the PC faster.	Možeš da apgrejduješ svoj računar sa više RAM memorije da ubrzaš svoj PC.	upgrade	0	0
Tom never said he would babysit for us.	Tom nikad nije rekao da će da nam bude bebisiter.	babysit	0	0
It's rained all night.	Целу ноћ је падала киша.	rained	0	0
What's this thingy for?	Чему служи ова стварчица?	thingy	0	0
Tom needs to make some decisive moves.	Том мора да направи неке одлучујуће потезе.	decisive	0	0
He is cranky.	Он је несигуран.	cranky	0	0
He got his tongue pierced.	Ставио је пирсинг на језик.	pierced	0	0
Where's the toothpaste?	Где је паста за зубе?	toothpaste	0	0
I'll be declaring bankruptcy.	Објавићу да смо банкротирали.	bankruptcy	0	0
Tom pulled a lever.	To je povukao ručicu.	lever	0	0
Tom reacted.	Том је одреаговао.	reacted	0	0
I like mashed potatoes.	Волим пире.	mashed	0	0
There are many dishonest people in the world.	Ima mnogo neiskrenih ljudi na svetu.	dishonest	0	0
Airplanes land at airports.	Avioni sleću na aerodrome.	airplanes	0	0
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.	Posle tišine, ono što najbolje može izraziti neizrecivo je muzika.	expressing	0	0
It's a living being, so of course it shits.	Živo je biće, pa naravno da sere.	shits	0	0
We parted at the corner.	Rastali smo se na ćošku.	parted	0	0
All righty.	Важи се.	righty	0	0
The effects of climate change are far less pronounced in Antarctica than in the northern polar regions.	Efekat klimanskih promena je mnogo manje izražen na Antartiku nego u severnim polarnim predelima.	regions	0	0
Nowadays long skirts are not fashionable.	У данашње време, дугачке сукње нису модерне.	skirts	0	0
How many calories are there in that sandwich?	Koliko taj sendvič ima kalorija?	calories	0	0
French cuisine is excellent.	Francuska kuhinja je odlična.	cuisine	0	0
I've acknowledged my mistake.	Признао сам грешку.	acknowledged	0	0
I don't know how it's spelled.	Не знам како се то пише.	spelled	0	0
"You are twenty-one already, and still you are enjoying reversed clips!" "I just..." "Styopa, I didn't mean you!"	"Imaš već 21 godinu, i još uživaš u vožnji unazad!" "Samo sam..." "Stiopa, nisam mislio na tebe!"	reversed	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	beforehand	0	0
Seniors need to pay for their caps and gowns.	Seniori treba da plate svoje kape i haljine.	seniors	0	0
Tom never forgave me for doing that.	Tom mi nikad nije oprostio što sam uradio to.	forgave	0	0
The pools were drained.	Исушили су базене.	pools	0	0
Tom knows that more than 91 per cent of the Norwegian population is supplied with potable water from surface water sources.	Tom zna da se više od 91 odsto Norveškog stanovništva snadbeva pijaćom vodom iz površinskih izvora.	supplied	0	0
I think it might be a defect.	Мислим да је можда квар.	defect	0	0
This also raises an ethical question.	Postoji i etičko pitanje koje je postavljeno o ovome.	ethical	0	0
There is an obvious distinction between the good and the best.	Postoji očigledna razlika između dobrih i najboljih.	distinction	0	0
I sacrificed a lot in order to educate my daughter.	Mnogo sam žrtvovao da obrazujem moju ćerku.	educate	0	0
Mosquitoes in Minnesota are as big as storks.	Комарци у Минесоти су велики као роде.	minnesota	0	0
"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	screwdriver	0	0
Mario and Luigi are brothers.	Mario i Luiđi su braća.	luigi	0	0
He is a man of flesh and blood with all his flaws.	On je čovek od krvi i mesa sa svim svojim manama.	flaws	0	0
Stay away from thinner addicts.	Izbegavaj zavisnike na razređivaču za boje.	thinner	0	0
Tom didn't think that his boss's plan was a viable one.	Tom nije mislio da je održiv plan njegovog šefa.	viable	0	0
Dust the shelves.	Обриши прашину с полица.	shelves	0	0
I've been to several funerals recently.	Био сам на неколико сахрана скоро.	funerals	0	0
Always be constructive when you criticize others.	Увек буди конструктиван када критикујеш друге.	criticize	0	0
I work part-time at a bookstore.	Радим хонорарно у књижари.	bookstore	0	0
The doctor told Tom he needed to eat a more balanced diet.	Лекар је рекао Тому да мора да почне са балансиранијом исхраном.	balanced	0	0
Dumbass!	Глупаку!	dumbass	0	0
Tom boarded the bus.	Tom se ukrcao na autobus.	boarded	0	0
Elephants were killed for their ivory.	Slonovi su ubijani zbog slonovače.	ivory	0	0
Who has initiated this?	Na čiju inicijativu je ovo urađeno?	initiated	0	0
Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	insignificant	0	0
I'll be happy to comply.	Pristaću sa zadovoljstvom.	comply	0	0
In case of collision, the vehicle which has maintained the proper side of the roadway has the advantage in case of legal controversy.	У случају судара, возило које се правилно држало своје стран пута има предност у случају легалних контроверзија.	maintained	0	0
It is snowing today.	Данас пада снег.	snowing	0	0
How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	adapted	0	0
She recognized the master spy with multiple identities when his wig fell off.	Ona je prepoznala vrhunskog špijuna sa višestrukim identitetom kada mu je pala perika.	identities	0	0
Memorize this.	Упамти ово.	memorize	0	0
We should be back before nightfall.	Требали би смо се вратити пре заласка сунца.	nightfall	0	0
The average life span of a dog is 10 years.	Просечан животни век паса је 10 година.	span	0	0
Tom always blames others.	Том увек криви друге.	blames	0	0
Some researchers believe that the pigeons can detect the Earth's magnetic field.	Неки истраживачи верују даголубови могу да осете магнетно поље Земље.	researchers	0	0
I'm disgusted by all this.	Gadi mi se sve ovo.	disgusted	0	0
Yikes!	Јао!	yikes	0	0
No one knows why the windshield cracked.	Нико не зна зашто је шофершајбна напрсла.	windshield	0	0
I have to edit the report.	Морам да изменим извештај.	edit	0	0
Do you have any food allergies?	Jesi li alergičan na neku hranu?	allergies	0	0
You are comparing apples and oranges.	Мешаш бабе и жабе.	comparing	0	0
Timber!	Чувај!	timber	0	0
Rabies is probably introduced periodically by polar foxes on drift ice from Siberia.	Verovatno do periodičnog pojavljivanje besnila dolazi jer plutajući led sa Sibira može da nosi polarne lisice na njima.	siberia	0	0
Do you go jogging every day?	Да ли идеш на џогирање сваки дан?	jogging	0	0
The doctor was typing so slowly that I wanted to grab the keyboard from her and type out the paragraph myself.	Докторка је куцала толико споро да сам пожелео да јој отмем тастатуру и откуцам параграф уместо ње.	paragraph	0	0
Mosquitoes in Minnesota are as big as storks.	Комарци у Минесоти су велики као роде.	mosquitoes	0	0
The President died unexpectedly.	Predsednik je umro neočekivano.	unexpectedly	0	0
You amuse me.	Засмејаваш ме.	amuse	0	0
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.	Могу да додирнем под длановима а да не савијем колена.	bending	0	0
Remembering is more satisfying than forgetting.	Сећање пружа веће задовољство од заборава.	satisfying	0	0
How many aunts and uncles do you have?	Koliko ujni i ujaka imate?	uncles	0	0
They sang Hawaiian songs.	Pevali su havajske pesme.	hawaiian	0	0
Please turn up the AC a little bit.	Molim te, pojačaj klima-uređaj malo.	ac	0	0
We have opposing opinions on the matter.	Имамо супротстављена мишљења о томе.	opposing	0	0
Signal lamps are used to transmit Morse code.	Signalne lampice se koriste da se prenese Morzeova azbuka.	transmit	0	0
Miss Pizza and Mr Porridge were walking in the woods.	Девојка Пица и господин каша шетали су у шуми.	porridge	0	0
The judge banged his gavel.	Sudija je lupio čekićem.	gavel	0	0
I shouldn't have downloaded that.	Nije trebalo da skinem to.	downloaded	0	0
Stop sniffling.	Престани да њушкаш.	sniffling	0	0
On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji from here.	Tokom vedrih dana, odavde se vidi Fudži.	mt	0	0
My name is Ichiro Tanaka.	Zovem se Ićiro Tanaka.	tanaka	0	0
I'm intrigued.	Zaintrigirana sam.	intrigued	0	0
Tom plays the harp.	Том свира харфу.	harp	0	0
In a successful negotiation both parties usually win, and no one acts in a way that damages their own long-term interests, even though there is often a small margin that one can negotiate about.	U uspešnom pregovaranju obično pobeđuju obe strane, i niko se ne ponaša na način koji šteti sopstvenim dugoročnim interesima, iako često postoji mala margina oko čega se može pregovarati.	margin	0	0
I've believed in Kylie Minogue since June 12, 1998.	Ja verujem u Kajli Minog od 12. juna 1998.	kylie	0	0
Can we humans digest grass and obtain nourishment from it?	Da li mi, ljudi, možemo da varimo travu i da izvlačimo hranjive sastojke iz nje?	digest	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	jacks	0	0
We've got one casualty.	Imamo jednu žrtvu.	casualty	0	0
The least possible amount of oil that can be used is the proper quantity.	Најмања могућа кочичина уља коју је могуће употребити је исправан квантитет.	quantity	0	0
This data may be corrupted.	Ови подаци су можда оштећени.	corrupted	0	0
I'm going to be staying at the Hilton Hotel.	Odsedaću u hotelu Hilton.	hilton	0	0
Tom whispered.	Том је прошаптао.	whispered	0	0
We marched in the rain.	Hodali smo po kiši.	marched	0	0
Are you eligible?	Имаш ли право?	eligible	0	0
Three of the wounded, whose condition is unclear, have been evacuated to an American field hospital.	Troje ranjenih, za koje je trenutno nejasno u kakvom su stanju, je evakuisano u Američku poljsku bolnicu.	unclear	0	0
Most women can sew on a button or run up a seam; sewing, in fact, is regarded rather as a feminine instinct than an art.	Већина жена уме да ушије дугме или направи шав; шивење је, заправо, више женствени инстикт него уметност.	regarded	0	0
Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	belgian	0	0
I had to sneeze.	Морао сам да кинем.	sneeze	0	0
Sound needs matter to propagate through. However, cosmic noise and electromagnetic waves don't.	Da bi se zvuk prostirao treba mu materija, ali kosmičkom šumu ili elektromagnetskom zračenju to nije potrebno.	electromagnetic	0	0
I love lasagna.	Волим лазање.	lasagna	0	0
They have been evacuated to an American field hospital.	Oni su evakuisani u Američku poljsku bolnicu.	evacuated	0	0
Tom enlisted.	Том се уписа.	enlisted	0	0
Hope is the pillar of life.	Нада је стуб живота.	pillar	0	0
Stay away from thinner addicts.	Izbegavaj zavisnike na razređivaču za boje.	addicts	0	0
The goal is not to affect current oil production, but to obscure that country's energy future.	Cilj nije da se utiče na trenutnu proizvodnju nafte, već da se zamrači energetska budućnost te zemlje.	obscure	0	0
The amount of sleep a person needs depends largely on their age.	Количина сна која је потребна особи пуно зависи од година.	largely	0	0
Let's hope decency will prevail.	Надајмо се да ће пристојност победити.	prevail	0	0
Today we heard a story about biogas extraction.	Данас смо чули причу о издвајању биогаса.	extraction	0	0
Tom's smile warmed Mary's heart.	Томов осмех је загрејао Мерино срце.	warmed	0	0
It goes without saying that at that time a kind of friendship beyond master and disciple grew between the two of them.	Podrazumeva se da je među njima postajalo jedno prijateljstvo koje je prevazilazilo odnos gospodara i apostola u to vreme.	disciple	0	0
Inhale.	Удахните.	inhale	0	0
How many buckets of water would it take to fill this swimming pool?	Колико кофи воде би било потребно да се напуни овај базен?	buckets	0	0
I adored Tom.	Обожавала сам Тома.	adored	0	0
Some of us slept in tents.	Неки од нас су спавали у шаторима.	tents	0	0
My parents don't like my girlfriend. They say that she's a gold digger.	Mojim roditeljima se ne sviđa moja devojka. Kažu da je sa mnom samo zbog noca.	digger	0	0
She gained 23 kg after she got married.	Ona se ugojila 23 kilograma od udaje.	kg	0	0
Tom rested.	Том се одморио.	rested	0	0
Tom is a stand-up guy.	Tom drži do sebe.	stand-up	0	0
Do I detect sarcasm?	Осећам ли сарказам?	sarcasm	0	0
Tofu goes well with sake.	Tofu dobro ide uz Sake.	tofu	0	0
We exaggerated.	Претерали смо.	exaggerated	0	0
Egypt is a gift of the Nile.	Египат је дар Нила.	nile	0	0
He already intends to go to the sea.	On već planira da ide na more.	intends	0	0
Turn right at the next intersection.	Na sledećoj raskrsnici skrenite desno.	intersection	0	0
The text has been heavily edited.	Tekst je jako prerađen.	edited	0	0
Tom rubbed the magic lamp, and immediately the table was covered with delicious dishes.	Tom je protrljao magičnu lampu, i sto je odmah bio prekriven najukusnijim jelima.	rubbed	0	0
Because of her physical disability Mary now uses a walking stick when she has to go outdoors.	Zbog njenih fizičkih nedostataka, Meri koristi štap za hodanje kada je napolju.	outdoors	0	0
Tom broke his arm playing rugby.	Том је сломио руку играјући рагби.	rugby	0	0
Keep your elbows off the table.	Ne stavljaj laktove na sto.	elbows	0	0
Who started Disneyland?	Ко је започео Дизниленд?	disneyland	0	0
She declined to comment.	Одбила је да да коментар.	declined	0	0
You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.	Uništićeš vid ako stalno igraš igrice.	eyesight	0	0
It's on this point that our opinions differ.	Ето где нам се мишљења мимоилазе.	differ	0	0
Does Tom like gardening?	Да ли Том воли баштованство?	gardening	0	0
Clearly, I was overly optimistic.	Очигледно, био сам превише оптимистичан.	overly	0	0
What's the retail price of eggs?	Која је малопродајна цена јаја?	retail	0	0
I planted three rows of potatoes.	Засадио сам три реда кромпира.	rows	0	0
I'm concentrating.	Koncentrišem se.	concentrating	0	0
Finally, we have all field names in Norwegian, which will be of great help to our users.	Konačno imamo sva imena polja na norveškom i to će biti od velike pomoći našim korisnicima.	users	0	0
I'm not picky.	Nisam izbirljiva.	picky	0	0
Are you still looking for an interpreter?	Да ли још увек тражиш интерпретатора?	interpreter	0	0
I'll lend you my textbook if you promise not to write anything in it.	Pozajmiću ti radnu svesku ako mi obećaš da nećeš ništa pisati po njoj.	textbook	0	0
She is the Prime Minister of Finland.	Ona je premijerka Finske.	finland	0	0
I feel like a pioneer.	Осећам се као пионир.	pioneer	0	0
He hugged her.	Загрлио ју је.	hugged	0	0
I have an allergy to milk.	Imam alergiju na mleko.	allergy	0	0
Tom has been taken to the ICU.	Том је одведен на интензивну.	icu	0	0
I anticipate that will happen.	Очекујем да ће се то десити.	anticipate	0	0
Having won the lottery, she went on a shopping spree.	Pošto je dobila na lutriji, izašla je u partiju šopinga.	spree	0	0
It's futile.	Uzaludno je.	futile	0	0
Be sure to fasten your seatbelt.	Не заборави да вежеш појас.	fasten	0	0
Karin is Austrian.	Karin je Austrijanka.	austrian	0	0
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	joyful	0	0
She plays Bach.	Она пушта Баха.	bach	0	0
I'm a sound sleeper.	Spavam čvrsto.	sleeper	0	0
Can we reschedule?	Можемо ли да померимо термин?	reschedule	0	0
They embraced.	Загрлили су се.	embraced	0	0
He jumped across the puddle.	Прескочио је бару.	puddle	0	0
He lives comfortably.	Он живи удобно.	comfortably	0	0
Who swam?	Ко је пливао?	swam	0	0
He was bare-chested and barefoot.	Bio je golih prsa i bosonog.	barefoot	0	0
Development in the technological area is proceeding at lightning speed.	Razvijanje u tehnološkoj oblasti ide munjevitom brzinom.	proceeding	0	0
He's afraid to involve himself in paying large sums.	Boji se da se uplete u plaćanje velikih svoti.	sums	0	0
Stop farting.	Престаните да прдите.	farting	0	0
A simple multi-stage adjustment of the air flow is provided electronically.	Elektronika obezbeđuje višestepeno i jednostavno prilagođavanje protoka vazduha.	adjustment	0	0
Wet the surface of the tire, and note the bubbles that form under the film of water, and the puncture is found.	Наквасите површину гуме и имајте на уму да ће се испод слоја воде створити мехурићи уколико има процепа.	puncture	0	0
A two-meter-long live crocodile has been found in a garden greenhouse in Sweden's third largest city, Malmö.	Dva metara dugačak živi krokodil je pronađen u stakleniku u bašti u Švedskom trećem gradu po veličini - Malmou.	greenhouse	0	0
Marx is a German philosopher and economist.	Маркс је немачки филозоф и економиста.	marx	0	0
I moved to Boston shortly after graduating from college.	Преселила сам се у Бостон мало након што сам завршила факултет.	graduating	0	0
Marija bought a microscope.	Marija je kupila mikroskop.	microscope	0	0
Karin is Austrian.	Karin je Austrijanka.	karin	0	0
However, exceptions have occurred.	Međutim, bilo je izuzetaka.	exceptions	0	0
Nowadays long skirts are not fashionable.	У данашње време, дугачке сукње нису модерне.	fashionable	0	0
Imitation of gestures, actions and manners may or may not be a conscious act.	Imitiranje gestova, radnji i ponašanja može biti, ali nije obavezno, svestan čin.	gestures	0	0
I was as cool as a cucumber.	Био сам хладан као шприцер.	cucumber	0	0
When I was young, I wanted to be an inventor.	Када сам био мали, хтео сам да будем проналазач.	inventor	0	0
He put the blue folder down on the table.	Stavio je plavu fasciklu na sto.	folder	0	0
It was the type of presentation which appeals to the audience.	Bila je to prezentacija koja godi publici.	appeals	0	0
What makes Tom different from his peers?	Шта чини Тома другачијим од његових вршњака?	peers	0	0
It's better not to use bleach while doing your laundry.	Боље је да не користиш избељивач када переш веш.	bleach	0	0
This could be disastrous.	Ово би могло да буде катастрофално.	disastrous	0	0
Apart from a few errors, it's a good book.	Изузев неколико грешака, књига је добра.	errors	0	0
I've seen just now that the ambassador of Saudi Arabia has resigned.	Upravo sam video da je ambasador Saudi Arabije dao ostavku.	arabia	0	0
Tom's a day trader.	Tom je dej-trejder.	trader	0	0
I'm envious of Tom's success.	Завидим Томов успеху.	envious	0	0
Stop twisting my words. You know very well that's not what I said.	Престани да ми изврћеш речи. Врло добро знаш да нисам то рекао.	twisting	0	0
This famous actress was also a fashion icon.	Ova poznata glumica je bila i modna ikona.	icon	0	0
Brad Pitt is an actor.	Бред Пит је глумац.	pitt	0	0
The meeting had to be postponed until tomorrow.	Састанак је одложен за сутра.	postponed	0	0
Please choose wisely.	Мудро изаберите.	wisely	0	0
We can look at a suit-clad Tom at a black grand piano, moving his fingers dramatically, creating music that is very pleasant to listen to.	Možemo da gledamo Toma u odelu, za crnim velikim klavirom sa dramatičnim potezima prstiju, stvarajući muziku koja je vrlo prijatno slušati.	dramatically	0	0
Even if bullies constantly torment my cross-eyed daughter, she knows she is the smartest of them all.	Нека силеџије константно и задиркују моју ћерку због укрштених очију, она зна да је најпаметнија од свих.	bullies	0	0
"The Scots say no to a separation from Great Britain." This is the result of a poll from the voting day.	"Škoti su rekli ne odvajunju od Velike Britanije." - Ovo je rezultat ankete na dan izbora.	poll	0	0
Tom's blinds are closed.	Tomove roletne su spuštene.	blinds	0	0
Peter is a truthful man.	Петар је истинољубив човек.	truthful	0	0
Tom whines a lot.	Том стално кмека.	whines	0	0
Tom is a missionary.	Том је мисионар.	missionary	0	0
I prefer cola to coffee.	Више волим колу него кафу.	cola	0	0
Infrared and ultra-violet rays are types of light invisible to the human eye.	Infracrveni i ultraljubičasti zraci su vrste svetlosti nevidljive ljudskom oku.	infrared	0	0
I've seen just now that the ambassador of Saudi Arabia has resigned.	Upravo sam video da je ambasador Saudi Arabije dao ostavku.	saudi	0	0
She had to leave her abusive husband.	Морала је да напусти свог насилног супруга.	abusive	0	0
It's theoretically possible.	Теоретски је могуће.	theoretically	0	0
She licked the spoon.	Olizala je kašiku.	licked	0	0
If you want to be a pianist, you should practice every day, or at least almost every day.	Ако желиш да будеш пијаниста, треба да вежбаш сваки дан, или барем скоро сваки дан.	pianist	0	0
I felt unwanted.	Осетила сам се непожељно.	unwanted	0	0
I'm speechless.	Остао сам без текста.	speechless	0	0
I refrain from drinking.	Уздржавам се од опијања.	refrain	0	0
How many concerts did you go to last year?	Na koliko si koncerata bio prošle godine?	concerts	0	0
The government is cracking down on tax avoidance schemes.	Vlada se slama zbog spletki oko izbegavanja plaćanja poreza.	schemes	0	0
Learn to care for your health and how to prepare your system to resist fatigue.	Научите да бринете о свом здрављу и о томе како да припремите свој систем да одоли умору.	fatigue	0	0
My cat is going to have kittens next month.	Моја мачка ће се омацити следећег месеца.	kittens	0	0
I never lend books or CDs to anyone.	Nikad nikom ne pozajmljujem knjige ili CD-ove.	cds	0	0
Tom named his hamster Cookie.	Том је назвао свог хрчка Куки.	hamster	0	0
Tom made an omelet.	Tom je spremio omlet.	omelet	0	0
Resentment is like drinking poison, and then hoping it will kill your enemy.	Mržnja je poput pijenja otrova, a da se zatim nadaš da će ona ubiti tvog neprijatelja.	resentment	0	0
How many aunts and uncles do you have?	Koliko ujni i ujaka imate?	aunts	0	0
This is a hedgehog.	Ово је јеж.	hedgehog	0	0
Tom posted some drink recipes on his blog.	Том је објавио неке рецепте за пића на свом блогу.	recipes	0	0
Do you want me to sing you a lullaby?	Да ли хоћеш да ти отпевам успаванку?	lullaby	0	0
You are actresses.	Ви сте глумице.	actresses	0	0
Tom had no choice but to grin and bear it.	Tom nije imao izbora sem da se nasmeje i istrpi.	grin	0	0
Tom is very energetic.	Tom je veoma energetičan.	energetic	0	0
Read it aloud.	Прочитај наглас.	aloud	0	0
Coffee makes me nauseous.	Мука ми је од кафе.	nauseous	0	0
It's cloudy.	Облачно је.	cloudy	0	0
I bought a dozen pencils today.	Danas sam kupio pakovanje olovaka.	pencils	0	0
What is the difference between raster and vector graphics?	Koja je razlika između rasterske i vektorske grafike?	vector	0	0
Tom's car has 100 horsepower.	Tomov auto ima sto konjskih snaga.	horsepower	0	0
The TV isn't plugged in.	TV nije uključen u struju.	plugged	0	0
Who ate the last donut?	Ko je pojeo zadnju krofnu?	donut	0	0
Scoot over.	Дођи овамо.	scoot	0	0
I'll keep you updated.	Обавештаваћу те.	updated	0	0
Who's your favorite wrestler?	Ко је твој омиљени рвач?	wrestler	0	0
Today I'll point out the pros and cons of outsourcing.	Danas ću ukazati na prednosti i mane outsourcinga.	cons	0	0
The kangaroo jumps very high.	Kengur skače veoma visoko.	kangaroo	0	0
Your information is incorrect.	Информације које имаш нису тачне.	incorrect	0	0
What's your marital status?	Kakav ti je materijalni status?	marital	0	0
Dr. Jackson has a good bedside manner.	Dr Džekson ima dobar odnos prema pacijentu.	bedside	0	0
Who cares what the site looks like on Internet Explorer.	Кога брига како сајт изгледа на Интернет Експлореру.	explorer	0	0
Tom isn't easily amused.	Nije lako zabaviti Toma.	amused	0	0
There are many orange fishes in the river.	Na reci ima puno narandžastih pecaroša.	fishes	0	0
Tom appreciates modern art.	Tom ceni savremenu umetnost.	appreciates	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	folly	0	0
The IRS is auditing me.	Poreska kontrola me proverava.	irs	0	0
She is graceful.	Грациозна је.	graceful	0	0
Tom can play the banjo.	Tom zna da svira bendžo.	banjo	0	0
This program cannot be run in DOS mode.	Nije moguće pokrenuti ovaj program u DOS režimu.	dos	0	0
Do they still make cassette tapes?	Da li i dalje snimaju audio-kasete?	cassette	0	0
Readers had been waiting in suspense for at least three months before they got an answer.	Čitaoci su bili na mukama, čekajući najmanje tri meseca pre nego što su dobili odgovor.	suspense	0	0
Tom paints.	Том црта.	paints	0	0
What a stylish hat!	Како фенси капа.	stylish	0	0
Tom was walking home alone at night when he got mugged.	Том се сам враћао кући током ноћи када су га опљачкали.	mugged	0	0
He made a killing by investing in the stock market.	Napravio je ogroman profit investirajući na tržište akcija.	investing	0	0
The pantry is empty.	Шпајз је празан.	pantry	0	0
Why are you cursing?	Зашто псујеш?	cursing	0	0
Did Tom see the raccoon?	Да ли је Том видео ракуна?	raccoon	0	0
He delivers newspapers.	Он разноси новине.	delivers	0	0
Does Tom like spinach?	Да ли Том воли спанаћ?	spinach	0	0
I like old fashioned things.	Волим старомодне ствари.	fashioned	0	0
Tom is a historian.	Том је историчар.	historian	0	0
A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	diplomat	0	0
I'm not a good swimmer.	Nisam dobar plivač.	swimmer	0	0
Remember to renew your passport.	Ne zaboravi da produžiš pasoš.	renew	0	0
I’ll drink chai.	Пићу чај.	chai	0	0
Grammar is a very complex thing.	Граматика је изузетно сложена ствар.	grammar	0	0
I really like my teammates.	Stvarno volim članove svog tima.	teammates	0	0
The team is only as strong as its weakest member.	Tim je jak koliko njegov najslabiji član.	weakest	0	0
Let's eat the ice cream now before it melts.	Hajde da pojedemo sladoled sada, pre nego što se otopi.	melts	0	0
Work morally!	Ради морално!	morally	0	0
Animals cannot distinguish between truth and falsehood.	Životinje ne mogu da razlikuju istinu i laži.	distinguish	0	0
I'm cooperating.	Sarađujem.	cooperating	0	0
To strive for maximization of self interest, happiness or security seems very natural for a human being.	Da teži da maksimizira sopstveni interes, sreću ili sigurnost izgleda veoma prirodno za jedno ljudsko biće.	strive	0	0
Water reflects light.	Вода одбија светло.	reflects	0	0
The fire had spread to the next building before the firemen came.	Ватра се проширила на суседну зграду пре него што су пристигли ватрогасци.	firemen	0	0
Your PhD thesis has to be written in English.	Disertaciju moraš da napišeš na engleskom.	phd	0	0
Multiply three by five to get fifteen.	Помножено три са пет добије се петнаест.	multiply	0	0
I panicked when I read that they expected big protests in Riyadh today, but then my wife reassured me, saying that she had just bought two bottles of olive oil, ensuring our living standard for months, even if oil prices were to explode.	Успаничио сам се када сам прочитао да су данас очекивали велике протесте у Ријаду, али ме је онда жена умирила, рекавши ми да је управо купила две боце маслиновог уља, тиме обезбедивши наш животни стандард за надолазеће месеце, чак и да цена нафте букне.	protests	0	0
Ricky, this is my friend Suzuki.	Riki, ovo je moj prijatelj Suzuki.	suzuki	0	0
Tom logged in.	Том се улоговао.	logged	0	0
How many slices of ham do you want?	Колико парчета шунке хоћеш?	slices	0	0
Smoking is also harmful to those around you.	Пушење је штетно и по оне око тебе.	harmful	0	0
Would you like to go horseback riding?	Da li bi želio da ideš jahati na konju?	horseback	0	0
Rubies are one of most beautiful gems in the world.	Rubin je jedan od najlepših dragih kamenja na svetu.	gems	0	0
O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.	Oh, siva mačkice, molim te, ne predi. Deka bi mogao da te čuje.	pussycat	0	0
Does Tom know CPR?	Да ли Том зна да уради вештачко дисање?	cpr	0	0
Heart of Darkness raises important questions about imperialism, as well as racism.	Srce Tame postavlja važna pitanja o imperijalizmu, kao i o racizmu.	racism	0	0
I know I'm stingy.	Знам да сам шкрт.	stingy	0	0
I got up an hour ago and in the meantime I've brushed my teeth, washed and shaved myself and done my morning gymnastics.	Probudio sam se pre sat vremena i u međuvremenu sam oprao zube, umio se i obrijao se, i uradio jutarnju gimnastiku.	gymnastics	0	0
The things you own, they end up owning you.	Stvari koje poseduješ na kraju poseduju tebe.	owning	0	0
It's been a long time since I've reviewed Japanese.	Дуго нисам обновио јапански.	reviewed	0	0
"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	persuasive	0	0
Stop shoving.	Престани да се гураш.	shoving	0	0
Tom had solar panels installed on the roof of his house.	Tom je instalirao solarne panele na krovu svoje kuće.	panels	0	0
We demonstrated peacefully.	Мирно смо протестовали.	demonstrated	0	0
Tom is good at volleyball.	Том добро игра одбојку.	volleyball	0	0
Tom cheats.	Том вара.	cheats	0	0
The question aroused controversy, and still remains open.	Питање које је покренуло много полемике, још увек је отворено.	aroused	0	0
Tom and Mary played a game of Russian roulette.	Tom i Meri su igrali ruski rulet.	roulette	0	0
Tom found the experience enjoyable.	Тому је пријало искуство.	enjoyable	0	0
I've been told I'm kind and compassionate.	Кажу ми да сам нежан и саосећајан.	compassionate	0	0
Åle, the world's oldest eel, just died. He was approximately 150 years old.	Ole, najstarija jegulja na svetu, je upravo uginula. Imao je približno 150 godina.	eel	0	0
Zurich is considered to be a major financial hub.	Cirih se smatra jednim od velikih finansijskih centara.	hub	0	0
It's weird that the mailman hasn't come yet.	Чудно је да поштар још није дошао.	mailman	0	0
Yellow loosestrife is edible.	Жути поточњак је јестив.	edible	0	0
Cut the cheese into thin slices or into little cubes.	Naseci sir na tanke parčiće ili na male kocke.	cubes	0	0
One man has been arrested and charged with the voluntary manslaughter of 25-year-old Mary Tomson.	Jedan čovek je uhapšen i optužen za namerno ubistvo iz nehata 25-godišnje Marije Tomson.	voluntary	0	0
That's not an uncommon thing to say.	Није реткост рећи то.	uncommon	0	0
Tom sells radios.	Том продаје радио-уређаје.	radios	0	0
The Eiffel Tower's made of steel.	Ајфелова кула је од челика.	eiffel	0	0
The great Roman hero, Julius Caesar, was assassinated.	Велики римски херој, Јулије Цезар, је убијен.	assassinated	0	0
"You are twenty-one already, and still you are enjoying reversed clips!" "I just..." "Styopa, I didn't mean you!"	"Imaš već 21 godinu, i još uživaš u vožnji unazad!" "Samo sam..." "Stiopa, nisam mislio na tebe!"	clips	0	0
Blood is thicker than water.	Krv nije voda.	thicker	0	0
I wish you'd consider volunteering.	Želela bih da razmisliš o volontiranju.	volunteering	0	0
Could you have a look and see if there's enough bread for our lunches tomorrow?	Da li bi mogao da baciš pogled i vidiš da li ima dovoljno hleba za naše ručkove sutradan?	lunches	0	0
Tom is very secretive, isn't he?	Том је веома тајновит, зар не?	secretive	0	0
That tickles.	То голица.	tickles	0	0
Because of her physical disability Mary now uses a walking stick when she has to go outdoors.	Zbog njenih fizičkih nedostataka, Meri koristi štap za hodanje kada je napolju.	disability	0	0
Does Tom like broccoli?	Да ли Том воли броколи?	broccoli	0	0
Mary is a wedding planner.	Meri je planer za venčanja.	planner	0	0
Canada is the motherland of ice hockey.	Kanada je zemlja-majka hokeja na ledu.	motherland	0	0
We only have three spoons.	Имамо само три кашике.	spoons	0	0
I've never regretted it.	Nikad se nisam pokajala.	regretted	0	0
He is a complete monarch.	On je potpuni monarh.	monarch	0	0
In case of collision, the vehicle which has maintained the proper side of the roadway has the advantage in case of legal controversy.	У случају судара, возило које се правилно држало своје стран пута има предност у случају легалних контроверзија.	controversy	0	0
Don't tilt your chair back.	Не клацкај се на столици.	tilt	0	0
I've got some brownies.	Imam kućne duhove.	brownies	0	0
What a horrid place!	Какво ужасно место!	horrid	0	0
Cherries are red.	Трешње су црвене.	cherries	0	0
People do the craziest things.	Људи раде најлуђе ствари.	craziest	0	0
Who can't be proud of being Serbian, part of a group whose greatest historical achievements have been slaughtering authority figures and genocides?	Ko ne može biti ponosan što je Srbin, sa njihovim istorijskim najvišljim dostignućima - pokoljem poglavara i genocidima?	serbian	0	0
Wang Lao Ji isn't beer. It's tea.	Ванг Лао Ђи није пиво. Чај је.	lao	0	0
Exhale.	Издахни.	exhale	0	0
The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	Хегелова филозофија је последњи величанствени покушај да се обнови хришћанство, које је било изгубљено и уништено, као и да се преко филозофије поврати хришћанство-што је генерално и остварено у модерном добу- тако што је идентификована са негацијом хришћанства.	identifying	0	0
Various kinds of flowers will be blooming soon.	Разне врсте цвећа ће ускоро процветати.	blooming	0	0
Could I talk to you one-on-one?	Могу ли да причам с тобом насамо?	one-on-one	0	0
It was very stormy that day.	Тај дан је била веома јака олуја.	stormy	0	0
Wood floats.	Дрво плута.	floats	0	0
Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	congo	0	0
The effects of climate change are far less pronounced in Antarctica than in the northern polar regions.	Efekat klimanskih promena je mnogo manje izražen na Antartiku nego u severnim polarnim predelima.	antarctica	0	0
I'm psyched.	Uzbuđena sam.	psyched	0	0
I've changed departments.	Променио сам департман.	departments	0	0
I'm a little bummed.	Malo sam utučena.	bummed	0	0
Do you think that games and learning are compatible?	Da li misliš da su igre i učenje spojivi?	compatible	0	0
That stings.	То пецка.	stings	0	0
Stop meddling.	Престани да се мешаш.	meddling	0	0
The postmortem showed that she had been strangled.	Postmortem je pokazao da je udavljena.	postmortem	0	0
Who can't be proud of being Serbian, part of a group whose greatest historical achievements have been slaughtering authority figures and genocides?	Ko ne može biti ponosan što je Srbin, sa njihovim istorijskim najvišljim dostignućima - pokoljem poglavara i genocidima?	achievements	0	0
I always have fruit and oatmeal for breakfast.	Za doručak uvek jedem voće i ovsene pahuljice.	oatmeal	0	0
Anatomical breast implants, however, can also deform the shape of the breast if they rotate sideways.	Anatomski implanti za grudi, međutim, takođe mogu da dovedu do deformacije oblika grudi ako rotiraju na bok.	implants	0	0
He is unmarried.	Он није ожењен.	unmarried	0	0
Antelopes can easily outrun lions.	Antilope mogu lako da pobegnu lavovima.	outrun	0	0
How often do you upload videos to YouTube?	Koliko često kačiš snimke na Jutjub?	upload	0	0
My cholesterol is high.	Мој холестерол је висок.	cholesterol	0	0
We drink a lot of bottled water.	Пијемо пуно флаширане воде.	bottled	0	0
I am going to remove the appendix.	Ja ću ukloniti dodatak.	appendix	0	0
My head aches.	Боли ме глава.	aches	0	0
Zurich is considered to be a major financial hub.	Cirih se smatra jednim od velikih finansijskih centara.	zurich	0	0
Tom is a loner.	Том је вук-самотњак.	loner	0	0
Too many cooks spoil the broth.	Сто бабица, килаво дете.	broth	0	0
Open, Sesame!	Сезаме, отвори се!	sesame	0	0
In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	sardines	0	0
How could we govern others when we cannot govern ourselves?	Kako da upravljamo drugima kada ne možemo da upravljamo sobom?	govern	0	0
Why don't we just elope?	Zašto samo ne pobegnemo?	elope	0	0
Needless to say, he was late for school as usual.	Naravno, zakasnio je u školu, kao i obično.	needless	0	0
The Mont Blanc is the highest mountain in the Alps.	Mont Blank je najviša planina u Alpima.	alps	0	0
Yesterday I went to bed without brushing my teeth.	Juče sam otišao u krevet bez pranja zuba.	brushing	0	0
Live long and prosper.	Живи дуго и осећај се добро!	prosper	0	0
There are 1,000 English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.	U ovom rečniku se napisane 1000 reči uz to da sve one moraju biti zapamćene do jula.	vocabulary	0	0
Carolina is sad because she cannot conceive.	Каролина је тужна, јер не може да затрудни.	conceive	0	0
Checkmate!	Шах-мат!	checkmate	0	0
Dibs.	Први.	dibs	0	0
One hand washes the other.	Рука руку мије.	washes	0	0
Learn to pedal slowly and steadily and to start and stop easily.	Научи да педалаш полако али сигурно и да лако полазиш и заустављаш се.	steadily	0	0
Digestion involves muscular action as well as chemical processes.	Варење укључује дејство мишића као и хемијске процесе.	processes	0	0
Am I blushing?	Да ли сам поцрвенео?	blushing	0	0
I often take vacations.	Често узимам слободно.	vacations	0	0
Nobody knows just how many people died in the avalanche.	Нико не зна колико је тачно људи страдало у лавини.	avalanche	0	0
If you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas.	Ко легне са псима, буди се са бувама.	fleas	0	0
He resembles his father very much.	On je likom pljunuti otac.	resembles	0	0
Even if it is as fleeting as a scent or as quick as a thought, there is always a way to get what you desire.	Čak i ako je nešto prolazno kao miris, ili brzo kao misao, uvek postoji način da se dobije ono što se jako želi.	fleeting	0	0
No roses without thorns.	Nema sreće bez nesreće.	thorns	0	0
Tom promises the Scots the moon.	Tom obećava Skotima brda i doline.	scots	0	0
You too, Brutus?	И ти, Бруте?	brutus	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	twenty-four	0	0
She brushed my hair.	Она ме је очешљала.	brushed	0	0
He loves ceremonies.	Он обожава церемоније.	ceremonies	0	0
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.	Свако има право на заштиту моралних и материјалних интереса који проистичу из било ког научног, књижевног или уметничког дела чији је он творац.	resulting	0	0
Renewable energy refers to an energy source that cannot be exhausted.	Obnovljiva energije je izvor energije koji se ne može iscrpeti.	refers	0	0
Tom kept us entertained.	Tom nas je zabavljao.	entertained	0	0
Thunder and lightning are natural phenomena.	Громови и муње су природни феномени.	phenomena	0	0
Tom contributed.	Том је допринео.	contributed	0	0
Blindfold Tom.	Вежи очи Тому.	blindfold	0	0
I immediately dialed 911.	Одмах сам позвала 192.	dialed	0	0
You seem a bit edgy today. Is something bothering you?	Изгледаш мало нервозно данас. Да ли ти нешто смета?	edgy	0	0
Tom is a barbarian.	Tom je barbar.	barbarian	0	0
I feel homesick.	Недостаје ми кућа.	homesick	0	0
I harassed Tom.	Малтретирао сам Тома.	harassed	0	0
He writes scripts.	Он пише скрипте.	scripts	0	0
It was an unforgettable holiday.	Био је то незабораван распуст.	unforgettable	0	0
How adventurous!	Kako avanturistički!	adventurous	0	0
We were filled with joyful expectation.	Bili smo ispunjeni radosnim iščekivanjem.	expectation	0	0
Stop grumbling.	Ne budi čantrav.	grumbling	0	0
The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.	Budućnost izgleda mračno za Edmond Dantesa, pošto je postao žrtva zavere, on je osuđen za izdaju i poslat doživotno u zatvor.	bleak	0	0
Serious inquiries only, please.	Samo ozbiljna pitanja, molim.	inquiries	0	0
The petals are yellow.	Латице су жуте.	petals	0	0
Tom tensed slightly.	Tom je blago napet.	tensed	0	0
Tom didn't have any accomplices.	Том није умао саучеснике.	accomplices	0	0
Do you remember the name of the paramedic that saved my life?	Da li se sećaš imena lekara koji mi je spasio život?	paramedic	0	0
Is this a stallion or a mare?	Da li je ovo pastuv ili kobila?	stallion	0	0
Were you irritated?	Да ли те је изнервирало?	irritated	0	0
This was refined and embodied in a personality so weird, rigid and stubborn that very few dared to closely work with him.	Ovo je bilo prefinjeno i oličeno u ličnosti tako čudnoj, krutoj i tvrdoglavoj da se malo ko usuđivao da blisko sarađuje sa njim.	rigid	0	0
Tom hasn't got the chance to poison the atmosphere or undermine the love between Mary and her new lover.	Tom nije dobio priliku da zatruje atmosferu ili podrije ljubav između Marije i njenog novog ljubavnika.	undermine	0	0
Young children ought to learn empathy for animals.	Mlada deca bi trebalo da nauče da se saosećaju sa životinjama.	empathy	0	0
He was first subjected to a preliminary test with the new electronic breathalyzer before he was sent for a laboratory test.	On je prvo uradio preliminarni test sa novim elektronskim alko-testom, pre nego što je poslat na laboratorijsko testiranje.	subjected	0	0
This is mahjong.	Ово је маџонг.	mahjong	0	0
It rained nonstop.	Киша је падала без престанка.	nonstop	0	0
We're cheerleaders.	Ми смо чирлидерсице.	cheerleaders	0	0
"Granite" is often mispronounced by natives.	Reč "granite" obično pogrešno izgovaraju i ljudi čiji je maternji jezik engleski.	granite	0	0
Taro ordered some English conversation textbooks from London.	Таро је из Лондома наручио неке енглеске уџбенике за вежбање разговора.	taro	0	0
I've done crazier things than this.	Радио сам луђе ствари од овога.	crazier	0	0
Rabies is probably introduced periodically by polar foxes on drift ice from Siberia.	Verovatno do periodičnog pojavljivanje besnila dolazi jer plutajući led sa Sibira može da nosi polarne lisice na njima.	rabies	0	0
He plays the role of Macbeth with great skill.	Он мајсторски игра улогу Магбета.	macbeth	0	0
Digestion involves muscular action as well as chemical processes.	Варење укључује дејство мишића као и хемијске процесе.	muscular	0	0
Most languages have euphemistic expressions to describe death and dying.	Mnogi jezici eumefizmima opisuju smrt i umiranje.	expressions	0	0
The USA dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima in 1945.	SAD su bacile atomsku bombu na Hirošimu 1945.	hiroshima	0	0
Imitation of gestures, actions and manners may or may not be a conscious act.	Imitiranje gestova, radnji i ponašanja može biti, ali nije obavezno, svestan čin.	imitation	0	0
There was a bloody footprint on the floor near the door.	Крвави отисак стопала је био на поду, близу врата.	footprint	0	0
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.	Ovo je najgluplja stvar koju sam ikada izgovorio.	stupidest	0	0
Merauke is the easternmost city in Indonesia.	Merauke je najistočniji grad Indonezije.	indonesia	0	0
Tom is a lousy kisser.	Tom se loše ljubi.	kisser	0	0
After five hours on the hot sand, he began to see something on the horizon that looked like a desert mirage.	Posle pet sati na vrućem pesku, on je na horizontu ugledao nešto što je izgledalo kao pustinjska fatamorgana.	mirage	0	0
Tom saves over 80% of what he earns.	Tom čuva preko 80% od onoga što zaradi.	earns	0	0
The enquiry concluded that, despite his denials, the chief executive would have had to have known about the illegal practices occurring in the company.	Istragom je ustanovljeno da je, uprkos svom poricanju, šef morao da zna sve o nelegalnim zbivanjima u njegovoj kompaniji.	enquiry	0	0
I feel as if I've been thrown into oblivion.	Osećam se kao da sam bačen u veliko ništavilo.	oblivion	0	0
Tom sleeps on a cot.	Tom spava u kolevci.	cot	0	0
The heavy door swung open.	Тешка врата се отворише.	swung	0	0
Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	fulfil	0	0
I knit.	Штрикам.	knit	0	0
Tom felt excluded.	Tom se osećao isključenim.	excluded	0	0
Anatomical breast implants, however, can also deform the shape of the breast if they rotate sideways.	Anatomski implanti za grudi, međutim, takođe mogu da dovedu do deformacije oblika grudi ako rotiraju na bok.	rotate	0	0
I've never ridden Tom's horse.	Никад нисам јахала Томовог коња.	ridden	0	0
The city was rebuilt after the war.	Grad je renoviran posle rata.	rebuilt	0	0
Development in the technological area is proceeding at lightning speed.	Razvijanje u tehnološkoj oblasti ide munjevitom brzinom.	technological	0	0
I wept.	Заплако сам.	wept	0	0
Police intervened, firing tear gas to disperse the crowds.	Полиција је интервенисала, испаљујући сузавац да би растурила масу.	disperse	0	0
Something wasn't kosher.	Nešto nije bilo kako treba.	kosher	0	0
I'm an entrepreneur.	Ја сам предузетник.	entrepreneur	0	0
Laurie lives in Melbourne.	Lori živi u Melburnu.	melbourne	0	0
Hotshot!	Феноменално!	hotshot	0	0
Europeans gained an advantage over all other civilizations 500 years ago.	Evropljani su stekli prednost nad drugim civilizacijama pre 500 godina.	europeans	0	0
Any saddle may be adjusted to be comfortable, but saddles seldom remain comfortable after being adjusted.	Свако седиште се може подесити да буде удобно, али седишта ретко остају удобна после подешавања.	adjusted	0	0
We greeted each other.	Поздравили смо се.	greeted	0	0
Tom is unfit for that job.	Том није за тај посао.	unfit	0	0
A thin person can remain thin and a fat person remain fat while exercising assiduously if the exercise is not properly directed.	Мршава особа може да остане мршава и девела особа може да остане дебела док посвећено вежба уколико та вежба није усмерена како треба.	exercising	0	0
The police set up a roadblock.	Полиција је поставила блокаду на путу.	roadblock	0	0
Paparazzi follow me everywhere.	Папараци ме свуда прате.	paparazzi	0	0
We need to focus on our strengths.	Moramo da se usredsredimo na naše vrline.	strengths	0	0
My grandfather collects books.	Мој деда сакупља књиге.	collects	0	0
There's more than enough food on the planet for everyone, but our economic system prevents us from properly distributing it.	Има више него довољно хране на плати за све људе, али наш економски систем нас спречава да је ваљано дистрибуирамо.	prevents	0	0
Tom loves museums.	Том воли музеје.	museums	0	0
Tom writes left-handed.	Том пише левом руком.	left-handed	0	0
Norwegian prisons are the most luxurious in the world.	Norveški zatvori su najluksuzniji na svetu.	luxurious	0	0
That's unimportant.	To je nevažno.	unimportant	0	0
I crouched on all fours.	Пузао сам на све четири.	fours	0	0
I felt obligated to help Tom.	Осећам дужност да помогнем Тому.	obligated	0	0
Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	eternally	0	0
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.	Jednostavnost je krajnja prefinjenost.	simplicity	0	0
I waved.	Махао сам.	waved	0	0
He scolded her.	Он је изгрдио њу.	scolded	0	0
Europeans gained an advantage over all other civilizations 500 years ago.	Evropljani su stekli prednost nad drugim civilizacijama pre 500 godina.	civilizations	0	0
I like castles.	Волим замкове.	castles	0	0
In Algeria, everybody has a cellphone.	У Алжиру, сви имају мобилни телефон	algeria	0	0
Tom is devious.	Том је подао.	devious	0	0
Tom sat on the beach all day, writing postcards.	Tom je sedeo na klupi celi dan, pišući razglednice.	postcards	0	0
The air conditioner is broken.	Klima uređaj je pokvaren.	conditioner	0	0
It was unjust.	To je bilo nefer.	unjust	0	0
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.	Ni sneg ni kiša ni toplota ni sumornost noći neće ove kurire zaustaviti u svojim obilascima.	completion	0	0
While I was walking down the street as an ordinary pedestrian, I saw my predecessor in a limousine.	Dok sam šetao ulicom kao sasvim običan pešak, ugledao sam mog prethodnika u limuzini.	limousine	0	0
I snore.	Хрчем.	snore	0	0
Kale is a healthy vegetable.	Кељ је здраво поврће.	kale	0	0
I'm resourceful.	Snalažljiva sam.	resourceful	0	0
I was arrested and handcuffed.	Ухапсили су ме и ставили ми лисице.	handcuffed	0	0
Tom remarried.	Том се поново оженио.	remarried	0	0
Tom listened to Mary recite the poem that she had memorized.	Tom je slušao Meri kako recituje pesmu koju je upamtila.	memorized	0	0
The capital city of Serbia is Belgrade.	Главни град Србије је Београд.	belgrade	0	0
Where are the forks?	Gde su viljuške?	forks	0	0
The rebels sabotaged the railroad.	Pobunjenici su saboritali prugu.	sabotaged	0	0
I have a hard-on for her.	Palim se na nju.	hard-on	0	0
We were getting discouraged.	Почели смо да се обесхрабрујемо.	discouraged	0	0
The Haskell Free Library and Opera House was built on the border between Canada and the United States.	Besplatna biblioteka Haskel i Opera haus sagrađeni su na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	haskell	0	0
I hate reptiles.	Мрзим рептиле.	reptiles	0	0
Lemons contain citric acid.	Limun sadrži limunsku kiselinu.	lemons	0	0
I'm sick of the hypocrisy.	Muka mi je od licemerja.	hypocrisy	0	0
War is very lucrative.	Рат је веома уносан.	lucrative	0	0
Have you ever uploaded a video to YouTube?	Jesi li ikada okačio video na Jutjub?	uploaded	0	0
The cheering ceased.	Навијање је замрло.	ceased	0	0
They have enhanced security checks and are prepared for the worst.	Oni su poboljšali bezbednosne provere, i pripremljeni su za najgore.	enhanced	0	0
How often do you mow the lawn?	Колико често косиш травњак?	mow	0	0
A second later his lips curved in a malicious smile.	Sekund kasnije, njegove su se usne izvile u zlokoban osmeh.	malicious	0	0
Unthinkable!	Незамисливо!	unthinkable	0	0
Plato is a friend, but the truth is a greater friend.	Platon je prijatelj, ali istina je veći prijatelj.	plato	0	0
He is as nutty as a fruitcake.	Lud je ko struja.	nutty	0	0
Tom remained skeptical.	Том је остао скептичан.	skeptical	0	0
We need to be prudent.	Treba da budemo razboriti.	prudent	0	0
I had to get a molar extracted.	Morao je da mi se izvadi jedan kutnjak.	extracted	0	0
Tom obeyed me.	Том ми се покорио.	obeyed	0	0
Who typed this?	Ко је откуцао ово?	typed	0	0
Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	versa	0	0
I think I'm getting arthritis.	Мислим да добијам артритис.	arthritis	0	0
I love stories with happy endings.	Волим приче са срећним крајем.	endings	0	0
Tom bought a hula hoop.	Tom je kupio hulahop.	hoop	0	0
Unfamiliar terrain can be difficult to traverse.	Može biti teško obići nepoznati teren.	unfamiliar	0	0
Some of them were and are in constant danger due to political repression and persecution.	Neki od njih su bili i još uvek su u konstantnoj opasnosti zbog političke represije i progona.	persecution	0	0
I love philosophical languages.	Волим филозофске језике.	philosophical	0	0
Is it foggy?	Је ли било магловито?	foggy	0	0
I love astronomy.	Волим астрономију.	astronomy	0	0
I sang a duet with Tom.	Отпевао сам дует са Томом.	duet	0	0
Tom does pretty well for a beginner.	Тому иде прилично добро за једног почетника.	beginner	0	0
Tom isn't fussy.	Tom nije sitničar.	fussy	0	0
Your car has been towed away.	Pauk ti je odneo auto.	towed	0	0
Nature photos of animals taken in complete tranquility and serenity are truly masterpieces.	Fotografije prirode i životinja, slikane u potpunoj tišini i mirnoći, su prava remek-dela.	serenity	0	0
The horse took fright and bolted.	Konj se uplašio i pobegao.	bolted	0	0
It's a snowman.	То је Снешко Белић.	snowman	0	0
Is that agreeable?	Slažeš li se?	agreeable	0	0
Tom snores.	Том хрче.	snores	0	0
Pufferfish is considered a delicacy in Japan.	Риба надувача се у Јапану сматра послатицом.	delicacy	0	0
This candidate is significantly better compared to his predecessor.	Ovaj kandidat je značajno bolji u poređenju sa njegovim prethodnikom.	significantly	0	0
I love engineered languages.	Волим конструисане језике.	engineered	0	0
Let's talk about viruses.	Хајде да причамо о вирусима.	viruses	0	0
Stop peeking.	Престани да вириш.	peeking	0	0
She has Ukrainian citizenship.	Она има украјинско држављанство.	ukrainian	0	0
The new coronavirus is very infectious.	Нови коронавирус је веома заразан.	infectious	0	0
Nine FIFA officials have been arrested and charged with racketeering and bribery.	Devet FIFA zvaničnika je uhapšeno i optuženo za mito i korupciju.	bribery	0	0
It's a timed competition.	То је временско такмичење.	timed	0	0
Mathematics is basic to all sciences.	Matematika je osnova svim naukama.	sciences	0	0
She brushes the horse.	Она тимари коња.	brushes	0	0
They played guitar and accordion.	Svirali su gitaru i harmoniku.	accordion	0	0
Men have about 7 to 8 times more testosterone than women.	Muškarci imaju oko 7 do 8 puta više testosterona od žena.	testosterone	0	0
"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	geronimo	0	0
How barbaric!	Kako varvarski!	barbaric	0	0
The cat was lying stretched out at full length in the sunlight streaming through the window.	Mačka je ležala ispružena celom dužinom na sunčevoj svetlosti koja je prodirala kroz prozor.	streaming	0	0
I remember my mother spanking me a lot.	Сећам се да ме је мама тукла по дупету много.	spanking	0	0
A meter is a hundred centimeters.	Метар има сто сантиметара.	centimeters	0	0
A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	reconnaissance	0	0
I'm sure it wasn't intentional.	Siguran sam da nije bilo namerno.	intentional	0	0
That was just icing on the cake.	То је био само шлаг на торти.	icing	0	0
I want to go to Bali.	Želim da idem na Bali.	bali	0	0
I love fictional languages.	Волим измишљене језике.	fictional	0	0
She adores cats.	Она презире мачке.	adores	0	0
She has Ukrainian citizenship.	Она има украјинско држављанство.	citizenship	0	0
Let's stay out of the water until the lifeguard goes on duty.	Боље да не идемо у виду док не крене смена стражару.	lifeguard	0	0
This swimsuit is on sale.	Овај купаћи костим је на снижењу.	swimsuit	0	0
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.	Povezanost između ličnosti i krvne grupe nije naučno potvrđena.	scientifically	0	0
Parliament has been dissolved.	Parlament je raspušten.	dissolved	0	0
He is punctual.	Тачан је.	punctual	0	0
This is a mockery of justice.	Ovo je lakrdija od pravde.	mockery	0	0
Lead bends easily.	Графит се лако савија.	bends	0	0
Who participated?	Ко је учествовао?	participated	0	0
In the caves one can find stalactites and stalagmites, minerals, and plant and animal life.	U pećinama se mogu pronaći stalaktiti i stalagmiti, minerali, biljni i životinjski svet.	minerals	0	0
Tom plays the clarinet exceptionally well.	Том изузетно добро свира кларинет.	exceptionally	0	0
Airplanes land at airports.	Avioni sleću na aerodrome.	airports	0	0
You should write Tom a thank-you letter.	Treba da se zahvališ Tomu pismom.	thank-you	0	0
May I ask you about something totally unrelated?	Да ли могу да вас питам о нечем потпуно неповезаном?	unrelated	0	0
He's addicted to Starbucks coffee.	Он је зависан од Старбак кафе.	starbucks	0	0
I work afternoons.	Радим поподне.	afternoons	0	0
He is outgoing.	Воли да излази.	outgoing	0	0
Tom isn't penniless.	Том има новца.	penniless	0	0
I'm waiting patiently.	Стрпљиво чекам.	patiently	0	0
They are gorillas.	Гориле су.	gorillas	0	0
I have a skateboard.	Имам скејтборд.	skateboard	0	0
She despised him.	Презирала га је.	despised	0	0
I was arrested in Boston for shoplifting.	Ухапшен сам у Бостону јер сам крао из продавнице.	shoplifting	0	0
No minors allowed.	Малолетним лицима забрањен улаз.	minors	0	0
I'm an atheist.	Ja sam ateista.	atheist	0	0
It's a disadvantage to be ugly.	Nedostatak je biti ružan.	disadvantage	0	0
I heard the doorknob jiggle.	Чуо сам браву како се окреће.	doorknob	0	0
We're not millionaires.	Нисмо милионери.	millionaires	0	0
I don't floss my teeth as often as my dentist says I should.	Не чистим зубе концем онолико често колико ми зубар каже да би требало.	floss	0	0
A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	compromising	0	0
In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	namely	0	0
I'm sure that Tom mistook me for my brother.	Siguran sam da me je Tom pomešao sa mojim bratom.	mistook	0	0
She has been prescribed medical cannabis to alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy.	Njoj su propisali medicinski kanabis radi ublažavanja neželjenih dejstava hemoterapije.	cannabis	0	0
Their propinquity was uncanny, as they'd met only three days ago.	Njihova bliskost je bila tajanstvena, obzirom na to da su se upoznali pre samo tri dana.	uncanny	0	0
We researched the Amazon rainforest.	Stigli smo do amazonske kišne šume.	rainforest	0	0
Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	bosnia	0	0
I mailed a check to Tom.	Послао сам чек Тому.	mailed	0	0
He is overweight.	Има вишак килограма.	overweight	0	0
She always wears flashy clothes.	Ona uvek nosi drečavu odeću.	flashy	0	0
History repeats itself.	Историја се понавља.	repeats	0	0
All the participants gathered in the main hall.	Svi učesnici su se okupili u glavnom holu.	participants	0	0
In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	mackerel	0	0
Does Tom have a raincoat?	Да ли Том има кабаницу?	raincoat	0	0
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	thereby	0	0
I sympathize.	Saosećam.	sympathize	0	0
I sincerely hope that Tom's predictions are going to come true.	Iskreno se nadam da će se Tomova predviđanja ostvariti.	predictions	0	0
He enjoyed cycling.	Уживао је у вожњи бицикла.	cycling	0	0
I was again continually so busy with Tatoeba that I almost became dehydrated.	Ponovo sam bio toliko dugo zauzet Tatoebom da sam umalo dehidrirao.	continually	0	0
Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.	Merin entuzijazam za kurs je opao kada se njen omiljeni predavač odselio.	interstate	0	0
Listening to music is my favourite relaxation.	Slušanje muzike je moj omljeni način opuštanja.	relaxation	0	0
I leaned against the tree.	Наслоних се на дрво.	leaned	0	0
Today is hectic.	Danas je burno.	hectic	0	0
I was wondering if anyone could help me. I have a mobile phone that only displays an error message.	Pitam se da li bi neko mogao da mi pomogne. Imam mobilni telefon koji samo pokazuje poruku o grešci.	displays	0	0
Tom's eyes narrowed slightly.	Томове очи се малчице сузише.	narrowed	0	0
The book is missing the 2nd, 5th, and 13th chapters.	Knjizi nedostaju drugo, peto i trinaesto poglavlje.	chapters	0	0
Did you do that purposely?	Јесте ли то намерно урадили?	purposely	0	0
Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	yugoslavia	0	0
Life without books is unimaginable.	Ne mogu da zamislim život bez knjiga.	unimaginable	0	0
It was kind of surreal.	Bilo je nekako nadrealno.	surreal	0	0
I was again continually so busy with Tatoeba that I almost became dehydrated.	Ponovo sam bio toliko dugo zauzet Tatoebom da sam umalo dehidrirao.	dehydrated	0	0
Always be constructive when you criticize others.	Увек буди конструктивна када критикујеш друге.	constructive	0	0
You're still inexperienced.	Још увек си неискусна.	inexperienced	0	0
Tom is in the clubhouse.	Tom je na sastanku.	clubhouse	0	0
I'll be declaring bankruptcy.	Објавићу да смо банкротирали.	declaring	0	0
Tom was unsure what to say.	Tom nije bio siguran šta da kaže.	unsure	0	0
Tom bought a shawl for his mother.	Tom je kupio šal svojoj majci.	shawl	0	0
This statement is ludicrous.	Ова изјава је апсурдна.	ludicrous	0	0
She was wearing a gown of satin.	Nosila je haljinu od satena.	satin	0	0
She was a bridesmaid at the wedding.	Била је деверуша на венчању.	bridesmaid	0	0
This candidate is significantly better compared to his predecessor.	Ovaj kandidat je značajno bolji u poređenju sa njegovim prethodnikom.	predecessor	0	0
I'll return in a jiffy.	Vraćam se za tren.	jiffy	0	0
I showered.	Ја се истуширах.	showered	0	0
This yarn feels soft to the touch.	Ово клупко је мекано на додир.	yarn	0	0
I'm astonished.	Zapanjena sam.	astonished	0	0
Tom and I explored Boston.	Том и ја смо истражили Бостон.	explored	0	0
She has valuable experience working in theaters.	Ona je stekla sjajno iskustvo radeći u pozorištima.	theaters	0	0
Tom negotiated a new contract.	Tom je ispregovarao novi ugovor.	negotiated	0	0
Tom's wife often complains about his snoring.	Томова жена се често жали на његово хркање.	complains	0	0
They hunted foxes.	Они су ловили лисице.	foxes	0	0
Are you magicians?	Јесте ли ви мађионичари?	magicians	0	0
Keiko sings.	Кејко пева.	keiko	0	0
Witnessing cruelty to animals, children may become cruel.	Kao svedoci surovog odnosa prema životinjama, deca mogu postati surova.	witnessing	0	0
Tom suppressed a smile.	Tom je prigušio osmeh.	suppressed	0	0
Tom played checkers with Mary.	Том је играо мице са Маријом.	checkers	0	0
Tom traveled on the legendary Orient Express from Paris to Istanbul.	Том је отпутовао на легендарном Оријент Експресу из Париза у Истанбул.	orient	0	0
I was falsely accused.	Pogrešno sam optužen.	falsely	0	0
Many people would like to be motivated, innovative, thinking beings if they could only get the opportunity.	Mnogi bi rado bili motivisana, kreativna, misleća bića, samo ako bi dobili tu šansu.	innovative	0	0
Does Tom meditate?	Медитира ли Том?	meditate	0	0
A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	eavesdropping	0	0
I've never gone skinny dipping.	Никад нисам ишла да се купам гола.	dipping	0	0
Tom splits his time between Boston and Chicago.	Том дели време између Бостона и Чикага.	splits	0	0
Tom unbuckled his seatbelt.	Том је одвезао појас.	seatbelt	0	0
The older we grow, the poorer our memory becomes.	Што смо старији, то нас сећање слабије служи.	poorer	0	0
Everybody claps.	Svi tapšu.	claps	0	0
He breathed deeply.	Дубоко је дисао.	breathed	0	0
The archaeologist is studying old Roman ruins.	Arheolog istražuje stare rimske ruševine.	archaeologist	0	0
It's the third biggest city in Serbia.	To je treći grad, po veličini, u Srbiji.	serbia	0	0
The thought of powdered sugar makes my skin crawl.	Хвата ме језа од помисли на шећер у праху.	powdered	0	0
In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	raisins	0	0
Pigeons may be able to detect gravity anomalies.	Голубови можда могу да детектују аномалије у гравитацији.	anomalies	0	0
I accelerated.	Убрзах.	accelerated	0	0
When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	detached	0	0
I think Tom is progressing.	Mislim da Tom napreduje.	progressing	0	0
Tom and Mary used to be inseparable.	Том и Мери су били нераздвојни.	inseparable	0	0
I've been saving up to buy a new saxophone.	Štedim da kupim novi saksofon.	saxophone	0	0
Tom urged Mary to resign.	Tom je podsticao Meri da dâ otkaz.	urged	0	0
He reacts.	Он реагује.	reacts	0	0
The data in tables above are not comprehensive.	Podaci u gornjim tabelama nisu kompletni.	comprehensive	0	0
Tom and I aren't friends. We're just coworkers.	Tom i ja nismo prijatelji. Samo smo kolege s posla.	coworkers	0	0
Please close the drapes.	Navuci zavese.	drapes	0	0
Put away your books and notebooks.	Склоните на страну ваше књиге и свеске.	notebooks	0	0
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.	Meri se vratila iz škole uplakana jer su je drugarice zadirkivale.	teased	0	0
I've had a difficult time after Tom was abruptly torn from me.	Bilo mi je teško kada je Tom bio naglo otrgnut od mene.	abruptly	0	0
They wouldn't let Tom in because he was wearing a hoodie.	Нису пустили Тома да уђе јер је носио капуљачу.	hoodie	0	0
I'll live in Cambodia.	Živeću u Kambodži.	cambodia	0	0
Currently Burj Khalifa is the tallest skyscraper in the world.	Бурџ Калифа је тренутно највиши небодер на свету.	tallest	0	0
"You are twenty-one already, and still you are enjoying reversed clips!" "I just..." "Styopa, I didn't mean you!"	"Imaš već 21 godinu, i još uživaš u vožnji unazad!" "Samo sam..." "Stiopa, nisam mislio na tebe!"	twenty-one	0	0
I don't trust talkative people.	Ne verujem pričljivim ljudima.	talkative	0	0
The sisters are both blondes.	Обе сестре су плаве.	blondes	0	0
Tom raised an eyebrow quizzically.	Том упитно подиже обрву.	eyebrow	0	0
Tom was unwilling to do what we wanted him to do.	Tom nije želeo da uradi šta mu kažem.	unwilling	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	outright	0	0
In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	oats	0	0
You're being very attentive.	Веома си обазрив.	attentive	0	0
The two negatives cancel each other out.	Две негације поништавају једна другу.	negatives	0	0
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.	Nikada nisam dozvolio da moje školovanje ometa moje obrazovanje.	schooling	0	0
Some religious people can be very judgmental.	Neki religiozni ljudi znaju da budu jako osuđujući.	judgmental	0	0
A few old buildings need to be demolished.	Potrebno je da se sruši nekoliko starih kuća.	demolished	0	0
You must be vigilant.	Мораш да будеш опрезна.	vigilant	0	0
We have suppliers.	Имамо добављаче.	suppliers	0	0
Tom overreacted.	Том га претера.	overreacted	0	0
I like grapefruit.	Волим грејпфрут.	grapefruit	0	0
Dear God, people really find it difficult when they have to point out one thing or another about you, such as your attitudes or your appearance.	Dragi Bože, ljudima je zaista teško kada moraju da ti skrenu pažnju na jednu ili drugu stvar o tebi, tvojim stavovima ili tvom izgledu, na primer.	attitudes	0	0
Translating is not nearly as easy as many people might think.	Prevođenje nije ni blizu tako lako kako mnogi ljudi misle.	translating	0	0
She has been prescribed medical cannabis to alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy.	Njoj su propisali medicinski kanabis radi ublažavanja neželjenih dejstava hemoterapije.	chemotherapy	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	salaries	0	0
The burglars are in prison.	Provalnici su u zatvoru.	burglars	0	0
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	visualize	0	0
I'm good at juggling.	Добро жонглирам.	juggling	0	0
Oslo is just unique.	Oslo je prosto jedinstveno.	oslo	0	0
Tom hypnotized Mary.	Том је хипнотизовао Марију.	hypnotized	0	0
Mary used walking poles to assist her with the uphill and downhill sections of the journey.	Meri je koristila štapove za hodanje koje su joj pomogle pri usponima i padovima na putovanju.	uphill	0	0
Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.	Drugi naučnici pregovaraju o njegovoj teoriji o nestanku dinosaurusa.	debating	0	0
The president ignored the protesters outside his office.	Predsednik je ignorisao protestante izvan svoje kancelarije.	protesters	0	0
The portions at this restaurant are generous.	Порције у овом ресторану су великодушне.	portions	0	0
Girls are not allowed to burp.	Девојчицама није дозвољено да подригују.	burp	0	0
A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn't want to be too explicit.	San... pokušao sam da objasnim Svetom Petru, i učinio sam to na nemačkom jeziku, jer nisam želeo da budem suviše eksplicitan.	explicit	0	0
I'm plastered.	U gipsu sam.	plastered	0	0
My gums are bleeding.	Krvare mi desni.	gums	0	0
The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.	Budućnost izgleda mračno za Edmond Dantesa, pošto je postao žrtva zavere, on je osuđen za izdaju i poslat doživotno u zatvor.	edmond	0	0
I couldn't keep from snickering.	Нисам успео да се суздржим од кикотања.	snickering	0	0
You live in Belfast.	Živite u Belfastu.	belfast	0	0
They were caught red-handed.	Ухваћени су на делу.	red-handed	0	0
Tom slid the door shut.	Tom je zatvorio vrata.	slid	0	0
Birds build nests.	Птице праве гнезда.	nests	0	0
Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.	Veličina brushaltera u Japanu je manja od brushaltera istog broja na zapadu, zbog manje prosečne veličine grudi.	owing	0	0
I'm resigning.	Odustajem.	resigning	0	0
You do not have to buy new furniture. With a little polishing and painting, old furniture can get a new life.	Ne morate da kupujete novi nameštaj. Sa malo poliranja i farbanja Vaš stari nameštaj može da dobije novi život.	polishing	0	0
Sit erect and sit still.	Седите право и седите мирно.	erect	0	0
The chain should be placed in kerosene and left to soak.	Ланац треба ставити у керозин и оставити да се натопи.	kerosene	0	0
I'm reformed.	Reformirana sam.	reformed	0	0
I do that on Mondays.	То радим понедељком.	mondays	0	0
Most people are afraid to set a high goal for fear of not achieving it.	Većina se plaši da postavi sebi veliki cilj iz straha da ga nikada neće dostići.	achieving	0	0
Hark!	Слушај!	hark	0	0
I hurried.	Пожурих.	hurried	0	0
She overslept.	Успавала се.	overslept	0	0
The adrenal glands secrete adrenalin.	Adrenalinske žlezde luče adrenalin.	glands	0	0
We cheered.	Навијали смо.	cheered	0	0
When I awoke, it was snowing.	Када сам се пробудила, падао је снег.	awoke	0	0
Ammonia is a base.	Amonijak je baza.	ammonia	0	0
Last night it was Yumi who pushed for sex.	Синоћ је Јуми инсистирала на сексу.	yumi	0	0
A nail punctured the tire.	Ekser je probušio gumu.	punctured	0	0
I commute to work by bicycle.	Идем на посао бициклом.	commute	0	0
Tom stutters.	Том муца.	stutters	0	0
He hesitated for a second.	Oklevao je na trenutak.	hesitated	0	0
This is a proverb.	Ово је пословица.	proverb	0	0
"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	urgh	0	0
It's heartbreaking.	Срце ми се цепа.	heartbreaking	0	0
Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.	Tom je predao listu tema koje bi mogle da uđu u plan za godišnji sastanak.	topics	0	0
Marina is from Russia and Clarissa is from Sweden.	Marina je iz Rusije, a Clarissa je iz Švedske.	clarissa	0	0
He's a biologist.	On je biolog.	biologist	0	0
I'm fasting.	Postim.	fasting	0	0
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.	Ni sneg ni kiša ni toplota ni sumornost noći neće ove kurire zaustaviti u svojim obilascima.	gloom	0	0
Tom was pacing in his room, unable to calm himself down.	Tom se vrteo po sobi, ne mogavši da se smiri.	pacing	0	0
I've made a mushroom omelette.	Направио сам омлет од печурака.	omelette	0	0
How perceptive!	Kako pronicljivo!	perceptive	0	0
I wanna be cuter.	Hoću da budem slađi.	cuter	0	0
Finders keepers!	Ко пре девојци - њему девојка!	keepers	0	0
Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	yearn	0	0
I wasn't very fluent in French back then.	Tada nisam tečno govorila francuski.	fluent	0	0
Seniors need to pay for their caps and gowns.	Seniori treba da plate svoje kape i haljine.	gowns	0	0
This is in itself not new for me, but the couple wanted to live in a comfortable home, which called for an extensive renovation.	Ovo samo po sebi nije nešto novo za mene, ali je taj par želeo da živi u udobnom domu, što je zahtevalo sveobuhvatno renoviranje.	renovation	0	0
On a clear day, we can see Mt. Fuji in the distance.	Tokom vedrih dana, vidimo planinu Fuđi u daljini.	fuji	0	0
Tom was momentarily silent.	Том је одједном занемео.	momentarily	0	0
Lightning flashed.	Муња је заблеснула.	flashed	0	0
The dividing line between the two is clear and simple.	Линија која дели та два је јасна и једноставна.	dividing	0	0
Tom puked.	Том се исповраћао.	puked	0	0
The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.	Korišćenje kondoma tokom vaginalnog i analnog odnosa, i u oralnom seksu je najbolja preventivna mera.	vaginal	0	0
I think it is certain that there is intelligent life in this universe, but the likelihood of that life coming to Earth is practically nil.	Мислим да нема сумње да постоји интелигентан живот у овом универзуму, али вероватноћа да ће тај живот доћи на Земљу је скоро равна нули.	likelihood	0	0
I keep sneezing.	Нисам престајао да кијам.	sneezing	0	0
I prefer a tent with storm flaps and intersecting tent poles to provide stability against wind and resistance against the weight of snow, and it must be a two-layer tent.	Više volim šator sa olujnim pokrivačem, zajedno sa ukrštenim šipkama zbog stabilnosti na vetru i snežnih nanosa, i ovo mora da bude dvoslojni šator.	flaps	0	0
Sami was Layla's dance partner.	Сами је био Лејлин плесни партнер.	sami	0	0
Tom inserted a disk.	Tom je ubacio disk.	inserted	0	0
Lol!	Лол!	lol	0	0
These customs kept all devout Christians together and in sync for several decades.	Ови обичаји су одржавале све побожне Хришћане синхронизоване неколико деценија.	devout	0	0
The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	originals	0	0
Does Tom like sci-fi movies?	Да ли Том воли научно-фантастичне филмове?	sci-fi	0	0
This is a populated area.	То jе насељено место.	populated	0	0
Mileage varies with driving conditions.	Miljaža zavisi od uslova na putu.	mileage	0	0
Tom is an ex-con.	Том је бивши робијаш.	ex-con	0	0
I restrained myself from commenting on my beloved friend this time.	Ovaj sam se put suzdržao od komentarisanja mog voljenog prijatelja.	restrained	0	0
"The Thinker" is a well-known Rodin sculpture.	"Мислилац"је позната Роденова скулптура.	thinker	0	0
Obviously there are many variations between these two extremes.	Naravno, postoji mnogo varijacija između ova dva ekstrema.	variations	0	0
I know that adding sentences only in your native or strongest language is probably not as much fun as practicing writing foreign languages, but please don't add sentences to the Tatoeba Corpus if you are not absolutely sure they are correct. If you want to practice languages that you are studying, please do so by using a website designed for that purpose such as www.lang-8.com.	Знам да додавање реченица само на матерњем језику или језику који најбоље познајете није баш забавно колико и вежбање писања на страним језицима, али молим вас да не додајете реченице на Татоебу ако нисте потпуно сигурни да су тачне. Ако желите да вежбате језик који учите, молим вас да то радите на сајтовима који су предвиђени за ту намену, као што је www.lang-8.com.	corpus	0	0
We cultivate rice.	Узгајамо пиринач.	cultivate	0	0
A few firefighters suffered minor injuries.	Nekoliko vatrogasaca je pretrpelo lakše povrede.	firefighters	0	0
About how many kilometers per liter does this car get?	Колико километра по литру гура овај ауто?	liter	0	0
He abandoned his family and went to live in Tahiti.	Напустио је своју породицу и отишао на Тахити да живи.	tahiti	0	0
Tom died from tuberculosis.	Том је умро од туберкулозе.	tuberculosis	0	0
Be tolerant.	Budi tolerantan.	tolerant	0	0
One gives away apples and pears, and not gold and green forests.	Poklanjaju se jabuke i kruške, a ne zlato i zelene šume.	pears	0	0
Have you ever subtitled a movie?	Да ли си икад превео филм?	subtitled	0	0
I think it is best not to be impolite.	Mislim da je najbolje da se bude ljubazan.	impolite	0	0
Tom's dependable.	Том је поуздан.	dependable	0	0
Obviously there are many variations between these two extremes.	Naravno, postoji mnogo varijacija između ova dva ekstrema.	extremes	0	0
That text is open-minded.	Тај текст је слободоуман.	open-minded	0	0
Both of the entrances to the room are guarded.	Оба улаза у собу се чувају.	entrances	0	0
I'm claustrophobic.	Klaustrofobična sam.	claustrophobic	0	0
Barack Obama is a Christian.	Barak Obama je hrišćanin.	barack	0	0
Tom went bonkers.	Tom je prolupao.	bonkers	0	0
A second later his lips curved in a malicious smile.	Sekund kasnije, njegove su se usne izvile u zlokoban osmeh.	curved	0	0
At first, I was puzzled.	Прво сам се збунио.	puzzled	0	0
While I was walking down the street as an ordinary pedestrian, I saw my predecessor in a limousine.	Dok sam šetao ulicom kao sasvim običan pešak, ugledao sam mog prethodnika u limuzini.	pedestrian	0	0
After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.	Kada se vratio sa dužnosti u Avganistanu, Toma su progonile noćne more.	plagued	0	0
It's too smoky here for me.	Ovde ima previše dima za mene.	smoky	0	0
I'm famished.	Izgladneo sam.	famished	0	0
"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."	"Mislim da je završenstvo ružno", rekao je. "Negde u stvarima koje ljudi prave želim da vidim ožiljke, neuspeh, nered, distorziju."	distortion	0	0
The devotees of Vishnu are called Vaishnavas; the devotees of Shiva are Shaivites.	Poklonici Višnua nazivaju se Višnuanci; poklonici Šive su Šivanci.	vishnu	0	0
The ship was unloaded at the port.	Brod je iskrcan u luci.	unloaded	0	0
I'm not the trendy type.	Nisam tip koji prati modu.	trendy	0	0
Tom and I both have new bicycles.	И Том и ја имамо нове бицикле.	bicycles	0	0
That's incurable.	To je neizlečivo.	incurable	0	0
Termites eat wood.	Термити једу дрво.	termites	0	0
The enquiry concluded that, despite his denials, the chief executive would have had to have known about the illegal practices occurring in the company.	Istragom je ustanovljeno da je, uprkos svom poricanju, šef morao da zna sve o nelegalnim zbivanjima u njegovoj kompaniji.	occurring	0	0
"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	rarity	0	0
"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	seductive	0	0
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	dimensional	0	0
Tom put the fire out with a fire extinguisher.	Том је угасио ватру противпожарним апаратом.	extinguisher	0	0
I'm not Darth Vader.	Нисам Дарт Вејдер.	vader	0	0
Greyhounds have higher levels of red blood cells than other breeds.	Хртови имају виши ниво црвених крвних зрнаца од других раса.	breeds	0	0
I prefer cakes or candies to alcohol, but I do drink.	Више волим торте и слаткише од алкохола, али пијем.	candies	0	0
Symptoms vary.	Симптоми се разликују.	vary	0	0
J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	mathematician	0	0
I'm doubling my prices.	Udvostručujem cene.	doubling	0	0
There are some indications that the reception, which is known for its luxurious dishes, will be a bit more subdued this year.	Postoje indicije da će prijem, koji je poznat po svojim luksuznim jelima, ove godine biti nešto skromniji.	indications	0	0
There are a lot of potential combinations.	Има пуно могућих комбинација.	combinations	0	0
The cow is mooing.	Крава муче.	mooing	0	0
Don't be presumptuous.	Nemoj da si drzak.	presumptuous	0	0
There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	remainder	0	0
They retreated.	Повукли су се.	retreated	0	0
Tom told Mary that he thought she was biased.	Том је рекао Мери да мисли да је пристрасна.	biased	0	0
It's a two-way street.	Двосмерна је улица.	two-way	0	0
What is a sphinx?	Шта је сфинга?	sphinx	0	0
Rephrase the question.	Парафразирај питање.	rephrase	0	0
Aladdin found a magic lamp.	Аладин је пронашао чаробну лампу.	aladdin	0	0
Tom was gunned down.	Tom je ustreljen.	gunned	0	0
I like candlelight.	Волим светлост свеће.	candlelight	0	0
"If P, then Q" is logically equivalent to "If not Q, then not P".	"Ako P, onda Q" je logički ekvivalentno sa "Ako ne Q, onda ne P."	logically	0	0
Tom farted.	Том је прднуо.	farted	0	0
He is as nutty as a fruitcake.	Луд је ко струја.	fruitcake	0	0
This is a public street, not a racetrack.	Ovo je javna ulica, ne staza za trkanje.	racetrack	0	0
Does Tom recycle?	Да ли Том рециклира?	recycle	0	0
Tom looked appalled.	Tom je izgledao zapanjeno.	appalled	0	0
Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.	Proizvođači oružija treba da doniraju svoj novac organizacijama koje mogu da pomognu zemljama u ratu.	manufacturers	0	0
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	preserving	0	0
Tom's prognosis was poor.	Томова прогноза је била лоша.	prognosis	0	0
Our objectives remain the same.	Наши циљеви остају исти.	objectives	0	0
Birds chirp.	Птице цвркућу.	chirp	0	0
If the screw is oily or greasy, it will work loose.	Ако је шраф подмазан или масан, разлабавиће се.	oily	0	0
Umbrellas sell well.	Кишобрани се продају добро.	umbrellas	0	0
What's your nationality?	Која је твоја националност?	nationality	0	0
The road narrows drastically there.	Пут се овде драстично сужава.	narrows	0	0
You can format and customize a worksheet, and insert and use tables, charts, formulas and functions.	Možete da formatirate i podešavate tabelu za unakrsne proračune, ubacite i koristite obične tabele, dijagrame, formule i funkcije.	format	0	0
I think it is certain that there is intelligent life in this universe, but the likelihood of that life coming to Earth is practically nil.	Мислим да нема сумње да постоји интелигентан живот у овом универзуму, али вероватноћа да ће тај живот доћи на Земљу је скоро равна нули.	nil	0	0
J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	astronomer	0	0
The wall appeared to be smooth and impenetrable.	Zid je izgledao glatko i neprobojno.	impenetrable	0	0
Stop gossiping.	Престани да оговараш.	gossiping	0	0
Measure thrice, cut once.	Трипут мери, једном сеци.	thrice	0	0
Tom has trouble with his walking boots. He has blisters on the sole of one foot.	Tom ima problema sa svojim čizmama za šetnju. Ima žuljeve na tabanu jednog stopala.	blisters	0	0
I'm observant.	Temeljan sam.	observant	0	0
Don't be impertinent.	Не будите нестрпљиви.	impertinent	0	0
Such a project has of course demanded a revised budget.	Takav je projekat naravno zahtevao rebalans budžeta.	revised	0	0
What is the difference between raster and vector graphics?	Koja je razlika između rasterske i vektorske grafike?	graphics	0	0
Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.	Pokrij usta dok kašlješ, kijaš ili zevaš.	yawn	0	0
Tom is clipping his toenails.	Том сече нокте на ногама.	toenails	0	0
You have an imaginative, artistic and pretty romantic personality.	Imaš maštovitu, umetničku i prilično romantičarsku ličnost.	imaginative	0	0
I have hives.	Имам кошнице.	hives	0	0
Some of them were and are in constant danger due to political repression and persecution.	Neki od njih su bili i još uvek su u konstantnoj opasnosti zbog političke represije i progona.	repression	0	0
Tom likes arithmetic.	Том воли аритметику.	arithmetic	0	0
Tom has a six-pack.	Tom ima trbušnjake.	six-pack	0	0
Taro ordered some English conversation textbooks from London.	Таро је из Лондома наручио неке енглеске уџбенике за вежбање разговора.	textbooks	0	0
They live in a white house with a brick facade on the left at the end of the street.	Oni žive u beloj kući sa fasadnom ciglom na ćošku sa leve strane na kraju ulice.	facade	0	0
I haven't attended any of his conferences.	Нисам присуствовао ниједној од његових конференција.	conferences	0	0
I was very interested in taking part in building a stronger academic curriculum regarding programming.	Bio sam vrlo zainteresovan da učestvujem u izgradnji intezivnijeg akademskog plana za programiranje.	curriculum	0	0
I'm a 13-year-old boy.	Ја сам 13-годишњи дечак.	13-year-old	0	0
I'm siding with Tom.	Na Tomovoj sam strani.	siding	0	0
The things here are affordable.	Ствари се овде могу приуштити.	affordable	0	0
Tom broke down and sobbed uncontrollably while giving the eulogy at his mother's funeral.	Tom nije izdržao i nekontrolisano je plakao držeći slovo na majčinoj sahrani.	eulogy	0	0
Be an optimist.	Буди оптимиста.	optimist	0	0
I think that Tom is possessive.	Мислим да је Том посесиван.	possessive	0	0
Tom made many purchases.	Том је накуповао много ствари.	purchases	0	0
I don't condone violence.	Не опраштам насиље.	condone	0	0
Both Tom and I have beards.	И Том и ја имамо браде.	beards	0	0
He lied readily.	Он спремно слага.	readily	0	0
I'm baffled.	Zbunjen sam.	baffled	0	0
How good a skater is Tom?	Колико је Том добар скејтер?	skater	0	0
Stop daydreaming.	Престани да сањариш.	daydreaming	0	0
Don't smoke. Smoking can shorten your penis.	Nemoj da pušiš. Pušenje može da ti skrati penis.	shorten	0	0
Tom plays the clarinet exceptionally well.	Том изузетно добро свира кларинет.	clarinet	0	0
I had difficulty locating Tom.	Једва сам пронашао Тома.	locating	0	0
Keep hustling.	Настави да се гураш.	hustling	0	0
Boycott Facebook.	Бојкотуј Фејсбук.	boycott	0	0
It was only supposed to be an interim solution.	То је требало да буде само привремено решење.	interim	0	0
It snowed all week.	Целу недељу је падао снег.	snowed	0	0
Mary's self-conscious about the gap between her front teeth.	Meri je svesna razmaka između prednjih zuba.	self-conscious	0	0
Tom is always a little irritable in the morning before he has his first cup of coffee.	Том је свако јутро мало нервозан пре него што попије прву шољу кафе.	irritable	0	0
Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.	Добродошли на Википедију, слободну енциклопедију коју свако може да уређује.	encyclopedia	0	0
PTSD stands for post-traumatic stress disorder.	ПТСП је скраћеница за посттрауматски стресни поремећај.	ptsd	0	0
Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	intimately	0	0
The flowers have all withered.	Cveće je u potpunosti uvelo.	withered	0	0
How many Shakespearean tragedies did you read?	Колико сте Шекспирових трагедија прочитали?	tragedies	0	0
I bowed.	Наклонила сам се.	bowed	0	0
The floorboards creaked.	Подне даске зашкрипаше.	floorboards	0	0
He's a genuine aristocrat.	Он је прави аристократа.	aristocrat	0	0
Norway has many old empty cattle sheds.	Норвешка има доста старих празних штала.	sheds	0	0
Tom flunked his driving test.	Том је пао на тесту за вожњу.	flunked	0	0
How can I keep birds from nesting in my chimney?	Како да не дам птицама да праве гнезда у димњаку?	nesting	0	0
We researched the Amazon rainforest.	Stigli smo do amazonske kišne šume.	researched	0	0
So melodramatic!	Како мелодраматично!	melodramatic	0	0
They are melons.	То су лубенице.	melons	0	0
Stop tormenting Tom.	Престани да мучиш Тома.	tormenting	0	0
Do you know how to deactivate a bomb?	Znaš li da deaktiviraš bombu?	deactivate	0	0
You're overworked.	Пијан си!	overworked	0	0
I opened my suitcase and started unpacking it.	Отворио сам кофер и почео с распакивањем.	unpacking	0	0
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right femur in a cycling accident Sunday in France.	Sekretar države Sjedinjenih država Džon Keri polomio je desnu butnu kost u biciklističkoj nezgodi u nedelju u Francuskoj.	femur	0	0
Where's Tehran?	Gde je Teheran?	tehran	0	0
Dan got a lucky cat figurine from a co-worker for his birthday.	Dan je za rođendan dobio figuricu mačke za sreću od kolege s posla.	co-worker	0	0
I'm afraid that I dislocated my right shoulder.	Bojim se da sam dislocirao desno rame.	dislocated	0	0
Somebody intervened.	Неко је интервенисао.	intervened	0	0
Tom was meditating.	Том је медитирао.	meditating	0	0
In some cases, emeralds can be worth more than diamonds.	U nekim slučajevima smaragdi mogu da budu dragoceniji od dijamanata.	emeralds	0	0
I resented Tom.	ПРезирао сам Тома.	resented	0	0
Has the red rose blossomed?	Да ли је процветала црвена ружа?	blossomed	0	0
We're conscientious.	Предани смо.	conscientious	0	0
Automobiles replaced carriages.	Аутомобили су заменили кочије.	carriages	0	0
You'll be fined if you do that again.	Бићете новчано кажњени ако поново то урадите.	fined	0	0
Tom swims.	Том плива.	swims	0	0
Experts say TB is a preventable disease.	Стручњаци кажу да је туберкулоза предухитрива болест.	tb	0	0
The river that flows through Paris is called the Seine.	Река која тече кроз Париз назива се Сена.	seine	0	0
I like shellfish.	Свиђа ми се шкољка.	shellfish	0	0
I'm not Darth Vader.	Нисам Дарт Вејдер.	darth	0	0
Which one is newer?	Који је новији?	newer	0	0
The Mont Blanc is the highest mountain in the Alps.	Mont Blank je najviša planina u Alpima.	mont	0	0
Know thyself!	Спознај себе!	thyself	0	0
You're always anticipating trouble.	Uvek si prenapet.	anticipating	0	0
I like astrology.	Волим астрологију.	astrology	0	0
If a neck-muffler is worn, it should be of cashmere, not of silk.	Ако се носи шал око врата, треба да буде од кашмира, не од свиле.	cashmere	0	0
Nature photos of animals taken in complete tranquility and serenity are truly masterpieces.	Fotografije prirode i životinja, slikane u potpunoj tišini i mirnoći, su prava remek-dela.	tranquility	0	0
I'm ticklish.	Golicljiv sam.	ticklish	0	0
Tom has been accused of being disloyal.	Тома су осудили да је неверан.	disloyal	0	0
Yokohama is a beautiful port town.	Jokohama je divan grad-luka.	yokohama	0	0
How do you get rid of moles in the garden?	Kako da se otarasite krtica u bašti?	moles	0	0
Tom relocated.	Том се релоцирао.	relocated	0	0
I hate fanatics.	Мрзим фанатике.	fanatics	0	0
I think I'm unbeatable.	Мислим да сам непобедив.	unbeatable	0	0
Carthage must be destroyed.	Картагина мора бити разорена!	carthage	0	0
He is unrealistic.	Он се заварава.	unrealistic	0	0
I feel like eating some roast chestnuts.	Једу ми се печени кестени.	chestnuts	0	0
Tom is an incredibly resilient guy.	Том је невероватно отпоран момак.	resilient	0	0
That shirt ought to be ironed.	Ту мајицу треба испеглати.	ironed	0	0
Callous, unemotional children can sometimes become adult sociopaths.	Otupela, bezosećajna deca mogu nekada da odrastu u sociopate.	callous	0	0
Two-thirds of the students came to the meeting.	Dve trećine studenata je bilo na sastanku.	two-thirds	0	0
This verb is normally used only in the third person.	Ovaj glagol se obično koristi samo u trećem licu.	verb	0	0
There's more than enough food on the planet for everyone, but our economic system prevents us from properly distributing it.	Има више него довољно хране на плати за све људе, али наш економски систем нас спречава да је ваљано дистрибуирамо.	distributing	0	0
Don't forget to put on sunscreen.	Ne zaboravi da se namažeš kremom za sunčanje.	sunscreen	0	0
You're inconsiderate.	Ти си безобзиран.	inconsiderate	0	0
Is loitering a crime?	Да ли је џабалебарење кривично дело?	loitering	0	0
Rubies are one of most beautiful gems in the world.	Rubin je jedan od najlepših dragih kamenja na svetu.	rubies	0	0
He got his shirt mended by his wife.	Njegova žena mu je zakrpila košulju.	mended	0	0
There are many minor mistakes and tiny misunderstandings here that distort the meaning of the original sentence.	Ovde je velika količina manjih grešaka i sitnog nerazumevanja koji iskrivljuju značenje originalne rečenice.	misunderstandings	0	0
What's the difference between jam and marmalade?	U čemu je razlika između džema i marmelade?	marmalade	0	0
She curled her hair with curlers.	Uvila je kosu papilotnama.	curled	0	0
Does Tom have a tenor saxophone?	Да ли Том има тенор саксофон?	tenor	0	0
I know Tom isn't a very good heavy metal guitarist.	Знам да Том није много добар хеви метал гитариста.	guitarist	0	0
I wear flannel pajamas.	Nosim flanelsku pižamu.	flannel	0	0
I'm braver than Tom.	Храбрија сам од Тома.	braver	0	0
This is atrocious weather.	Ово време је ужасно.	atrocious	0	0
Tom seems hesitant to do that.	Čini se da Tom okleva.	hesitant	0	0
I feel feverish.	Осећам се као да имам температуру.	feverish	0	0
I am a Scorpio, but gentle.	Шкорпија сам, али нежна.	scorpio	0	0
Inertia is an important governing law.	Inercija je važan upravljački zakon.	governing	0	0
Can you juggle?	Umeš li da žongliraš?	juggle	0	0
Ethereum and Bitcoin are cryptocurrencies.	Етеријум и биткоин су криптовалуте.	bitcoin	0	0
The Mont Blanc is the highest mountain in the Alps.	Mont Blank je najviša planina u Alpima.	blanc	0	0
I don't care how much it itches. Don't scratch it.	Ne zanima me koliko svrbi. Ne češaj se.	itches	0	0
I emailed Tom.	Послао сам мејл Тому.	emailed	0	0
I improvised.	Improvizovala sam.	improvised	0	0
Al lived in the Soviet Union, huge and multinational one, at the large Tver Region equal to several English counties in size.	Al je živeo u Sovjetskom savezu, onom velikom i višenarodnom, u velikom regionu Tver, po veličini jednakim nekoliko engleskih zemalja.	counties	0	0
I like shuffling cards.	Волим да мешам карте.	shuffling	0	0
Can you read what's written on the blackboard?	Možeš li da pročitaš šta piše na tabli?	blackboard	0	0
Tie your shoelaces.	Завежи пертле.	shoelaces	0	0
It is difficult to ascertain what really happened.	Teško je ustanoviti šta se zaista dogodilo.	ascertain	0	0
I reacted instinctively.	Odreagovao sam instiktivno.	instinctively	0	0
I panicked when I read that they expected big protests in Riyadh today, but then my wife reassured me, saying that she had just bought two bottles of olive oil, ensuring our living standard for months, even if oil prices were to explode.	Успаничио сам се када сам прочитао да су данас очекивали велике протесте у Ријаду, али ме је онда жена умирила, рекавши ми да је управо купила две боце маслиновог уља, тиме обезбедивши наш животни стандард за надолазеће месеце, чак и да цена нафте букне.	reassured	0	0
Carbon monoxide is colorless and odorless.	Карбон-моноксид је безбојан и нема мирис.	monoxide	0	0
I don't want to overreact.	Не желим да претерујем.	overreact	0	0
It's a firefly.	То је свитац.	firefly	0	0
Tom's self-confidence was shattered after his boss dressed him down in front of his workmates.	Tomovo samopouzdanje je razbijeno kada ga je šef skinuo pred njegovim kolegama.	self-confidence	0	0
Magdalena and Ania are good friends.	Magdalena i Ania su dobre drugarice.	magdalena	0	0
Tom lives downstream from Mary.	Том живи низводно од Марије.	downstream	0	0
We disagreed.	Нисмо се слагале.	disagreed	0	0
Tom bought a hula hoop.	Tom je kupio hulahop.	hula	0	0
He is arriving from Genoa.	Он долази из Генуа.	genoa	0	0
I'm a shopkeeper.	Радим у продавници.	shopkeeper	0	0
Are you up to any shenanigans tonight, or are you having a quiet one?	Smeraš neki nestašluk večeras ili ne?	shenanigans	0	0
I flirted with Tom.	Флертовала сам са Томом.	flirted	0	0
The doghouse is new.	Kuća za pse je nova.	doghouse	0	0
Many Canadians visit Boston every year.	Много Канађана посећује Бостон сваке године.	canadians	0	0
Tom studies theology.	Том учи теологију.	theology	0	0
Can we humans digest grass and obtain nourishment from it?	Da li mi, ljudi, možemo da varimo travu i da izvlačimo hranjive sastojke iz nje?	nourishment	0	0
Hahaha!	Хахаха!	hahaha	0	0
Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.	Merin entuzijazam za kurs je opao kada se njen omiljeni predavač odselio.	lecturer	0	0
He's always dissatisfied.	Uvek je nezadovoljan.	dissatisfied	0	0
Insure it, please.	Обезбеди то, молим те.	insure	0	0
I'm irreplaceable.	Ne zamenjiva sam.	irreplaceable	0	0
We limit baggage to ten kilograms each.	Mi ograničavamo prtljag na deset kilograma po komadu.	kilograms	0	0
We entered a narrow passageway.	Ушли смо у узак пролаз.	passageway	0	0
Stand on the left-hand side of the bicycle, and hold the saddle with the right hand.	Станите са леве стране бицикла, и држите седиште десном руком.	left-hand	0	0
Mary knows everything about the latest fashion trends.	Meri zna sve o najnovijim modnim trendovima.	trends	0	0
This is relative and ambiguous.	Ovo je relativno i dvosmisleno.	ambiguous	0	0
The sky suddenly clouded over.	Небо се изненада наоблачило.	clouded	0	0
Let's have a housewarming party.	Хајде да приредимо журку за усељење.	housewarming	0	0
There's no success without perseverance.	Без истрајности нема успеха.	perseverance	0	0
Tom's book is topping the Christmas sales of books, and hardly any book can put it off its game.	Tomova je knjiga na vrhu Božićne prodaje knjiga, i teško da će je neka knjiga zbaciti sa položaja.	topping	0	0
Are you going to call that versatile guy, our casual acquaintance from Bergen?	Hoćeš li pozvati tog svestranog momka, našeg poznanika iz Bergena?	bergen	0	0
Unless they manage to force the company to make the necessary concessions, they should give up hope.	Mogu da prestanu da se nadaju sve dok ne uspeju da primoraju kompaniju na neophodnu koncesiju.	concessions	0	0
Digestion involves muscular action as well as chemical processes.	Варење укључује дејство мишића као и хемијске процесе.	digestion	0	0
"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	critique	0	0
The fireworks show was suspended after 30 minutes due to the thunderstorm.	Представа ватромета је прекинута после тридесет минута због олује и грмљавине.	thunderstorm	0	0
Good always triumphs over evil.	Добро увек побеђује зло.	triumphs	0	0
Maja Keuc is a good singer.	Maja Keuc je dobra pevačica.	maja	0	0
Tom's absence was strange and inexplicable.	Томово одуство је било је чудно и необјашњиво.	inexplicable	0	0
It's recommended that you don't write your passwords down where others might see them.	Preporučuje se da ne zapisujete svoje lozinke tamo gde ih drugi mogu videti.	passwords	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	fawn	0	0
I feel refreshed.	Осећам се освежено.	refreshed	0	0
Companies that spend more time and money on development tools have higher productivity and sell more.	Kompanije koje provode više vremena i novca na alatima za razvoj, imaju veću produktivnost i veću prodaju.	productivity	0	0
Rugs absorb sound.	Теписи апсорбују звук.	rugs	0	0
Beauty is subjective.	Лепота је субјективна.	subjective	0	0
Inconceivable!	Незамисливо!	inconceivable	0	0
The garage has rusted.	Гаража је зарђала.	rusted	0	0
It is much easier to rest on the bicycle by slowing than to dismount.	Много је лакше одморити се на бициклу успоравањем него силажењем.	dismount	0	0
I vomited.	Исповраћао сам се.	vomited	0	0
I'm an astrologer.	Ја сам астролог.	astrologer	0	0
Tom told Mary to stop being so pessimistic.	Том је рекао Мери да престане да буде толико песимистична.	pessimistic	0	0
I pounded on the door, but nobody came.	Лупао сам на врата, али нико није дошао.	pounded	0	0
He acted foolishly.	Понашао се глупо.	foolishly	0	0
There are some indications that the reception, which is known for its luxurious dishes, will be a bit more subdued this year.	Postoje indicije da će prijem, koji je poznat po svojim luksuznim jelima, ove godine biti nešto skromniji.	subdued	0	0
I have heartburn.	Имам горушицу.	heartburn	0	0
He dozed off.	Задремао је.	dozed	0	0
J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	kepler	0	0
A passing car splashed Tom with water.	Прошао је ауто и шљуснуо Тома вода.	splashed	0	0
I don't cuss.	Ја не псујем.	cuss	0	0
Deaf people can converse in sign language.	Глуви људи могу да разговарају на знаковном језику.	converse	0	0
Tom looks a bit queasy.	Tom izgleda malo gadljivo.	queasy	0	0
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.	Једноставност је највиши ниво префињености.	sophistication	0	0
Where is the latrine?	Gde je toalet?	latrine	0	0
Opposites attract.	Супротности се привлаче.	opposites	0	0
Abracadabra!	Абракадабра!	abracadabra	0	0
Unicorns suck.	Једнорози су срање.	unicorns	0	0
You charlatan!	Шарлантане један!	charlatan	0	0
You didn't specify the color.	Ниси одредила боју.	specify	0	0
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.	Brak je glavni uzrok svih razvoda.	divorces	0	0
Tom ducked behind a car.	Tom se sagnuo iza automobila.	ducked	0	0
Tom nodded his head.	Tom klimnu glavom.	nodded	0	0
I saw a koala.	Видех коалу.	koala	0	0
Please give an example of usage.	Molim Vas, pokažite mi kako se koristi na primeru.	usage	0	0
He slept soundly.	Спавао је чврсто.	soundly	0	0
Tom is very skillful.	Том је веома вешт.	skillful	0	0
Tom is clipping his toenails.	Том сече нокте на ногама.	clipping	0	0
Many great thinkers who were unknown while alive became famous after death.	Многи велики мислиоци који су током живота били непознати су постали славни након смрти.	thinkers	0	0
Regular use of citrus fruit will shrink pores and make the skin feel fresh.	Redovna upotreba agruma će smanjiti pore i osvežiti kožu.	pores	0	0
Are you going to call that versatile guy, our casual acquaintance from Bergen?	Hoćeš li pozvati tog svestranog momka, našeg poznanika iz Bergena?	versatile	0	0
Tom mistreated his dog.	Том је малтретирао свог пса.	mistreated	0	0
My income has decreased ten percent.	Prihodi su mi se smanjili za deset procenata.	decreased	0	0
It backfired.	Обило се о главу.	backfired	0	0
Does Tom grow pumpkins, too?	Да ли и том узгаја бундеве?	pumpkins	0	0
Nobody objected.	Нико се није бунио.	objected	0	0
An astute reader should be willing to weigh everything they read, including anonymous sources.	Паметан читач би требало да је спреман, све што прочита да одмери, укључујући и анонимне изворе.	astute	0	0
I faxed a map to Tom.	Faksom sam poslala mapu Tomu.	faxed	0	0
Everything changes very quickly, which calls for a new mindset among today's employees.	Sve se vrlo brzo menja i to danas zahteva novi način razmišljanja kod zaposlenih.	mindset	0	0
Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	inhabit	0	0
Tom looked a bit dazed.	Tom je delovao pomalo ošamućeno.	dazed	0	0
Automobiles replaced carriages.	Аутомобили су заменили кочије.	automobiles	0	0
It does not constitute an investment advice.	To je predstavlja investicioni savet.	constitute	0	0
Tom is displeased.	Tom je nezadovoljan.	displeased	0	0
I have a runny nose.	Цури ми нос.	runny	0	0
I exited the store as quickly as I could.	Изашао сам из продавнице чим сам могао.	exited	0	0
PTSD stands for post-traumatic stress disorder.	ПТСП је скраћеница за посттрауматски стресни поремећај.	post-traumatic	0	0
I misread.	Лоше сам прочитала.	misread	0	0
I'm undressing.	Свлачим се.	undressing	0	0
Sigmund Freud was a famous Australian neurologist.	Сигмунд Фројд је био познати Аустралијиски неуролог.	neurologist	0	0
We subscribe to a newspaper.	Preplaćeni smo na novine.	subscribe	0	0
The incident happened to be captured on video by a bystander.	Nezgodu je snimio posmatrač.	bystander	0	0
We are Australians.	Ми смо Аустралијанци.	australians	0	0
They are wrestlers.	Рвачи су.	wrestlers	0	0
Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	expeditions	0	0
This is the coldest winter that we've had in thirty years.	Ово је најхладнија зима у последњих тридесет година.	coldest	0	0
I like to socialize.	Волим да се дружим.	socialize	0	0
Most women can sew on a button or run up a seam; sewing, in fact, is regarded rather as a feminine instinct than an art.	Већина жена уме да ушије дугме или направи шав; шивење је, заправо, више женствени инстикт него уметност.	seam	0	0
The rhinoceros is very big.	Носорог је веома велик.	rhinoceros	0	0
Tom has unruly hair.	Tom ima nestašnu kosu.	unruly	0	0
There was another avalanche on the road to Ekkjeskaret in Odda municipality in Hordaland on Tuesday night. It is unknown whether anyone was caught in the avalanche.	Dogodila se nova snežna lavina na putu u Ećeskaretu u Oda opštini u Hordalandu u utorak uveče i nije poznato da li je neko zarobljen u lavini.	municipality	0	0
I fastened my seatbelt.	Везао сам појас.	fastened	0	0
This is shorthand.	Ово је скраћеница.	shorthand	0	0
You look contented.	Изгледаш задовољно.	contented	0	0
Tom looks bewildered.	Том изгледа збуњен.	bewildered	0	0
Man proposes, God disposes.	Човек снује, Бог одређује.	proposes	0	0
You should clean the gutters.	Trebalo bi da očistiš oluke.	gutters	0	0
I know that Tom is a fairly decent golfer.	Знам да је Том прилично добар у голфу.	golfer	0	0
I panicked when I read that they expected big protests in Riyadh today, but then my wife reassured me, saying that she had just bought two bottles of olive oil, ensuring our living standard for months, even if oil prices were to explode.	Успаничио сам се када сам прочитао да су данас очекивали велике протесте у Ријаду, али ме је онда жена умирила, рекавши ми да је управо купила две боце маслиновог уља, тиме обезбедивши наш животни стандард за надолазеће месеце, чак и да цена нафте букне.	ensuring	0	0
Driving relaxes me.	Вожња ме опушта.	relaxes	0	0
Tom is a masseur.	Том је масер.	masseur	0	0
The jealousy is starting to darken Tom's mind.	Ljubomora počinje da pomračuje Tomov razum.	darken	0	0
Do you like quiche?	Да ли волиш киш?	quiche	0	0
She gave me a conflicting answer.	Dala mi je kontradiktoran odgovor.	conflicting	0	0
Tom approves.	Том подржава.	approves	0	0
We can utilize the resources of this vast region by distributing tasks among ourselves.	Možemo da iskoristimo resurse ovog ogromnog regiona tako što raspodelimo zadatke između sebe.	utilize	0	0
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.	Ko ne reskira, ne dobija.	ventured	0	0
Have you ever eaten sea urchin?	Jesi li ikad pojeo morskog ježa?	urchin	0	0
You deserve to be congratulated.	Zaslužuješ da ti čestitam.	congratulated	0	0
I love comedies.	Обожавам комедије.	comedies	0	0
I didn't flinch.	Нисам се ни тргнуо.	flinch	0	0
Al lived in the Soviet Union, huge and multinational one, at the large Tver Region equal to several English counties in size.	Al je živeo u Sovjetskom savezu, onom velikom i višenarodnom, u velikom regionu Tver, po veličini jednakim nekoliko engleskih zemalja.	multinational	0	0
Sigmund Freud was a famous Australian neurologist.	Сигмунд Фројд је био познати Аустралијиски неуролог.	sigmund	0	0
Tom is wearing baggy trousers.	Том носи шљампаве панталоне.	baggy	0	0
My paternal grandmother enjoys tea ceremonies.	Moja baka po ocu uživa u ceremoniji čaja.	paternal	0	0
Mary is a big spender when it comes to money.	Marija je rasipnik kada je u pitanju novac.	spender	0	0
Doping is not compatible with my ideological views on the sport.	Doping nije kompatibilan sa mojim ideološkim pogledima na sport.	ideological	0	0
All my credit cards are maxed out.	Prekoračio sam limit na svim kreditnim karticama.	maxed	0	0
Both Tom and I are therapists.	И Том и ја смо терапеути.	therapists	0	0
Aoi dances.	Аои плеше.	aoi	0	0
Sometimes the end justifies the means.	Понекад циљ оправдава средства.	justifies	0	0
He is exempt from the military service.	Ослобођен је војне службе.	exempt	0	0
Who can't be proud of being Serbian, part of a group whose greatest historical achievements have been slaughtering authority figures and genocides?	Ko ne može biti ponosan što je Srbin, sa njihovim istorijskim najvišljim dostignućima - pokoljem poglavara i genocidima?	slaughtering	0	0
I think it's doable.	Mislim da je moguće uraditi to.	doable	0	0
I may be antisocial, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.	Možda sam i antisocijalan, ali to ne znači da ne pričam sa ljudima.	antisocial	0	0
A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	registering	0	0
Keep paddling.	Наставите да веслате.	paddling	0	0
There is little doubt that the tightening of an already stripped system will have dramatic consequences for industry and municipalities in rural areas.	Postoji malo sumnje da će rezanje u već ogoljenom sistemu imati dramatične posledice za industriju i opštine u ruralnim oblastima.	tightening	0	0
Tom prides himself on his punctuality.	Том се дичи својом тачношћу.	punctuality	0	0
I still remember the time you and I tried bungee jumping.	И даље се сећам када смо ти и ја пробали банџи џампинг.	bungee	0	0
Fashions grow old and die.	Mode zastarevaju i umiru.	fashions	0	0
Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	innate	0	0
Mileage varies with driving conditions.	Miljaža zavisi od uslova na putu.	varies	0	0
Dima slept with 25 men in one night and then killed them.	Dima je spavao sa 25 muškaraca u toku jedne noći i onda ih je ubio.	dima	0	0
It started to rain, so I stopped mowing the lawn.	Почела је киша, па сам престао са кошењем траве.	mowing	0	0
He swindled her.	Преварио је.	swindled	0	0
There was slush on the road where the car, which had summer tires, was being driven.	Bila je bljuzgavica na putu gde je izleteo automobil sa letnjim gumama.	slush	0	0
FIFA is composed of 209 member associations.	FIFA se sastoji od 209 udruženja.	associations	0	0
You can format and customize a worksheet, and insert and use tables, charts, formulas and functions.	Možete da formatirate i podešavate tabelu za unakrsne proračune, ubacite i koristite obične tabele, dijagrame, formule i funkcije.	formulas	0	0
Harden up!	Очврсни!	harden	0	0
I heard the doorknob jiggle.	Чуо сам браву како се окреће.	jiggle	0	0
What do you think was the most read article this year on the Japanese version of Wikipedia?	Šta misliš, koji članak je bio najčitaniji ove godine na japanskoj verziji Vikipedije?	wikipedia	0	0
Mary knows that her main weapons, a beautiful face and a young body, are of transient value.	Marija zna da je njeno glavno oružje, predivno lice i mlado telo, prolazne vrednosti.	transient	0	0
She has mahogany furniture.	Она има намештај од махагонија.	mahogany	0	0
Be watchful.	Budite pažljivi.	watchful	0	0
Tom stifled a groan.	Tom je ispustio prigušeni uzdah.	stifled	0	0
I don't think Tom's plan is feasible.	Не верујем да је Томов план изводљив.	feasible	0	0
The road narrowed drastically.	Пут се драстично сузио.	drastically	0	0
I inhaled.	Удахнух.	inhaled	0	0
Tom bought an eternity ring for Mary, as a token of his undying love for her.	Tom je kupio Meri prsten večnosti kao dokaz svoje neumiruće ljubavi prema njoj.	undying	0	0
I have a stomachache.	Boli me stomak.	stomachache	0	0
Tom downed his beer.	Tom je odložio pivo.	downed	0	0
Tom was a bit woozy.	Tom je bio pomalo ošamućen.	woozy	0	0
Tom wants to play billiards.	Tom voli da igra bilijar.	billiards	0	0
They quarreled.	Свађали су се.	quarreled	0	0
This book is suitable for beginners.	Ова књига је погодна за почетнике.	beginners	0	0
People don't always behave rationally.	Ljudi se ne ponašaju uvek racionalno.	rationally	0	0
She has been prescribed medical cannabis to alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy.	Njoj su propisali medicinski kanabis radi ublažavanja neželjenih dejstava hemoterapije.	alleviate	0	0
Little Maria likes to draw pictures with crayons.	Mala Marija voli da crta crteže drvenim bojicama.	crayons	0	0
She avoids me.	Она ме избегава.	avoids	0	0
She points out that this latest gesture of the government has multiple meanings.	Ona ističe da ovaj poslednji potez vlade ima višestruko značenje.	meanings	0	0
Tom tightened the nuts.	Tom je zategao navrtanj.	tightened	0	0
I won't tamper with it.	Neću se petljati sa time.	tamper	0	0
I bought a laser pointer for the presentation.	Купио сам ласер за презентацију.	pointer	0	0
Lightning precedes thunder.	Муња претходи грому.	precedes	0	0
Currently Burj Khalifa is the tallest skyscraper in the world.	Бурџ Калифа је тренутно највиши небодер на свету.	skyscraper	0	0
I'm not assigning blame.	Ne svaljujem krivicu.	assigning	0	0
Heart of Darkness raises important questions about imperialism, as well as racism.	Srce Tame postavlja važna pitanja o imperijalizmu, kao i o racizmu.	imperialism	0	0
Tom is an old footballer.	Tom je fudbaler u godinama.	footballer	0	0
I've renovated my house.	Реновирао сам кућу.	renovated	0	0
He coughed.	Накашља се.	coughed	0	0
Cotton absorbs water.	Памук упија воду.	absorbs	0	0
We were speculating.	Претпостављали смо.	speculating	0	0
Even if bullies constantly torment my cross-eyed daughter, she knows she is the smartest of them all.	Нека силеџије константно и задиркују моју ћерку због укрштених очију, она зна да је најпаметнија од свих.	cross-eyed	0	0
Tom protested.	Том је протествовао.	protested	0	0
It won't be easy persuading Mary to go.	Неће бити лако убедити Мери да крене.	persuading	0	0
This is not negotiable.	Ovo nije za pregovore.	negotiable	0	0
Dress warmly.	Обуците се топло.	warmly	0	0
It tastes moldy.	Има укус буђи.	moldy	0	0
The quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.	Тромесечни раст од 1,2% значи годишњи раст од 4,9%.	quarterly	0	0
I sneezed.	Кинула сам.	sneezed	0	0
Tom was dazzled by Mary's good looks.	Toma je zapanjio Merin dobar izgled.	dazzled	0	0
Regular use of citrus fruit will shrink pores and make the skin feel fresh.	Redovna upotreba agruma će smanjiti pore i osvežiti kožu.	citrus	0	0
My fluency is sufficient for many situations, but not for expressing my — often contradictory — emotions.	Moje tečno poznavanje jezika je dovoljno za mnoge situacije, ali ne i za iskazivanje mojih, često međusobno kontradiktornih, emocija.	contradictory	0	0
Here is the pronunciation:	Evo kako se čita:	pronunciation	0	0
Tom got a ticket for parking his car in front of a fire hydrant.	Том је добио казну јер је паркирао аутомобил испред противпожарног апарата.	hydrant	0	0
I'm pleasantly surprised by that.	Prijatno sam iznenađen time.	pleasantly	0	0
I sided with Tom.	Стала сам на Томову страну.	sided	0	0
What's your Bosnian name?	Како се зовеш на босанском?	bosnian	0	0
I do that unconsciously, I guess.	Радим то несвесно, изгледа.	unconsciously	0	0
My sunburn hurts.	Боли ме где сам изгорео од сунца.	sunburn	0	0
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	toasting	0	0
She despises him only because he is poor.	Презире га само зато што је сиромашан.	despises	0	0
Tom blinked.	Том затрепта.	blinked	0	0
Nature photos of animals taken in complete tranquility and serenity are truly masterpieces.	Fotografije prirode i životinja, slikane u potpunoj tišini i mirnoći, su prava remek-dela.	masterpieces	0	0
Tom now warns that his father's will will probably be carried out completely.	Tom sada upozorava da će volja njegovog oca verovatno biti izvršena u potpunosti.	warns	0	0
I thus require an apology from the judge and I claim my insanity declared null and void.	Stoga zahtevam da mi se sudija izvini i zahtevam da se moje ludilo proglasi ništavnim.	null	0	0
Increase by a little at a time the amount of exercise undertaken.	Мало-помало, повећавајте количину вежби које обављате.	undertaken	0	0
Do you like roller coasters?	Da li volite roler-kostere?	coasters	0	0
I exercised.	Vežbala sam.	exercised	0	0
Nominations are now being accepted.	Номинације се сада прихватају.	nominations	0	0
Tom doesn't understand Mary's reluctance to go out with his brother.	Том не разуме Мерину неодлучност да изађе са његовим братом.	reluctance	0	0
People have started arming themselves.	Људи су почели да се наоружавају.	arming	0	0
I support your comments wholeheartedly.	Svesrdno podržavam tvoje komentare.	wholeheartedly	0	0
Tom and Mary once jumped together from Pulpit Rock with a parachute. It was a short but magical experience.	Tom i Marija su zajedno skočili sa Preikestolna sa padobranom. To je bilo kratak, ali magični doživljaj.	pulpit	0	0
I've been uploading three videos per week for the past three years.	Качим три видеа недељно последње три године.	uploading	0	0
Tom lends a helping hand when everything seems to be going completely wrong.	Tom se ponudio da pomogne kada je izgledalo da je sve krenulo potpuno pogrešno.	lends	0	0
One man has been arrested and charged with the voluntary manslaughter of 25-year-old Mary Tomson.	Jedan čovek je uhapšen i optužen za namerno ubistvo iz nehata 25-godišnje Marije Tomson.	25-year-old	0	0
I try to air my futon at least twice a week.	Trudim se da provetrim futon barem dvaput nedeljno.	futon	0	0
The days shortened.	Дани су се скратили.	shortened	0	0
I'm renovating my house.	Реновирам кућу.	renovating	0	0
To a large degree, human activity has contributed to upsetting nature's balances.	U velikom stepenu je ljudska aktivnost doprinela poremećaju prirodnih balansa.	balances	0	0
Tom hinted very strongly that he wanted us to leave.	Tom je vrlo očito nagovestio da želi da odemo.	hinted	0	0
No one dwells in this house.	Niko ne živi u ovoj kući.	dwells	0	0
Mary wanted a pedicure.	Meri je htela pedikir.	pedicure	0	0
Spiders spin webs.	Пауци плету мреже.	webs	0	0
He has extensive experience and his competence has branched out into several fields.	On ima veliko iskustvo i njegova kompententnost se razgranala u nekoliko oblasti.	competence	0	0
Tom sniffed.	Том је шмркнуо.	sniffed	0	0
Tom is going through a midlife crisis.	Том пролази кроз кризу средњих година.	midlife	0	0
I saw Tom scribbling on the wall.	Видео сам Тома како шкраба по зиду.	scribbling	0	0
I'm an 11-year-old boy.	Ја сам 11-годишњи дечак.	11-year-old	0	0
Regrettably!	Нажалост!	regrettably	0	0
I'm remodeling.	Remodeliram.	remodeling	0	0
Tom knew many of the carpenters who worked there.	Том је знао многе столаре који су радили овде.	carpenters	0	0
They are no longer recognizable.	Više ne mogu da se prepoznaju.	recognizable	0	0
We need to get haircuts.	Moramo da se ošišamo.	haircuts	0	0
Tom prepaid.	Том је платио унапред.	prepaid	0	0
Nothing happens unless preceded by a dream.	Ništa se ne dešava ako mu ne prethodi san.	preceded	0	0
I'm afraid they both have bad reputations.	Бојим се да обе имају лошу репутацију.	reputations	0	0
Two kinds of lubricant are used on a bicycle--oil and graphite.	Две врсте лубриканта се користе за бицикл: уље и графит.	lubricant	0	0
Tom overdosed.	Том је предозирао.	overdosed	0	0
This list is in alphabetical order.	Овај списак је по азбучном реду.	alphabetical	0	0
They unanimously concluded that he had violated the rules against unfair imitation as well as good business practices under marketing law.	Jednoglasno su zaključili da je on prekršio pravila o nelojalnoj imitaciji i dobre poslovne prakse u zakonu o reklamiranju.	unanimously	0	0
Tom is an avid cyclist.	Tom je strastven biciklista.	cyclist	0	0
I could barely contain my indignation at her impudence.	Jedva sam uspeo da sakrijem svoje ogorčenje zbog njene drskosti.	impudence	0	0
It is very natural for a human being that one always give himself precedence over the interests of others.	Veoma je prirodno za ljudsko biće da uvek daje sebi prednost nad interesima drugih.	precedence	0	0
Tom obeys me.	Том ме слуша.	obeys	0	0
Marx is a German philosopher and economist.	Маркс је немачки филозоф и економиста.	economist	0	0
This isn't what we envisioned for you.	Nismo ovo imali u planu za vas.	envisioned	0	0
After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.	Kada se vratio sa dužnosti u Avganistanu, Toma su progonile noćne more.	flashbacks	0	0
This skirt is inexpensive.	Ова сукња је јефтина.	inexpensive	0	0
We highly recommend using one of three preset modes to achieve optimal results.	Najjače preporučujemo da koristite jedan od tri unapred definisana režima za postizanje optimalnih rezultata.	optimal	0	0
We were bombarded with questions.	Бомбардовали су нас питањима.	bombarded	0	0
Everybody applauded.	Svi su aplaudirali.	applauded	0	0
I want to get a suntan.	Хоћу да поцрним.	suntan	0	0
That seems inhumane to me.	Meni to deluje nehumano.	inhumane	0	0
The Norwegian flag has a dark blue Nordic cross with white border on a red background, and it is from 1821.	Norveška zastava ima tamnoplav Norveški krst sa belim ivicama na crvenoj pozadini, i ona je iz 1821. godine.	nordic	0	0
My name is Ichiro Tanaka.	Zovem se Ićiro Tanaka.	ichiro	0	0
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me.	Plaši me večna tišina sa ovih beskonačnih prostora.	terrifies	0	0
Avoid undue tension.	Избегавајте непотребну тензију.	undue	0	0
I expected to be busier than this.	Очекивао сам да ћу бити заузетији од овога.	busier	0	0
Colds are contagious.	Прехладе суј заразне.	colds	0	0
Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.	Ni sneg ni kiša ni toplota ni sumornost noći neće ove kurire zaustaviti u svojim obilascima.	couriers	0	0
Giraffes have very long necks.	Жирафе имају веома дугачке вратове.	giraffes	0	0
Let me summarize what I said.	Да сумирам шта сам рекао.	summarize	0	0
Tom glanced at his watch and got up to leave.	Том је вирнуо на сат и устао да оде.	glanced	0	0
I could barely contain my indignation at her impudence.	Jedva sam uspeo da sakrijem svoje ogorčenje zbog njene drskosti.	indignation	0	0
Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	doubtless	0	0
Who disagrees?	Ко се не слаже?	disagrees	0	0
I'm very discrete.	Веома сам дискретан.	discrete	0	0
Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.	Merin entuzijazam za kurs je opao kada se njen omiljeni predavač odselio.	deteriorated	0	0
Danger lurks around every corner.	Opasnost vreba na svakom ćošku.	lurks	0	0
Tom is inept.	Том је неспретан.	inept	0	0
A student from Oslo who falsified his diploma to get into college has been sentenced to prison.	Jedan student iz Osla koji je falsifikovao svoju diplomu da se upiše na fakultet je bio osuđen na zatvor.	falsified	0	0
Stop being narrow-minded.	Немој да си ограничен.	narrow-minded	0	0
Bob bragged about his big boat.	Bob se hvalio o svom velikom brodu.	bragged	0	0
Tom dived.	Том загњури.	dived	0	0
Don't change sentences that are correct. You can, instead, submit natural-sounding alternative translations.	Не мењајте реченице које су исправне. Али ви имате право да пошаљете алтернативне преводе који природно звуче.	translations	0	0
Tom is quite likable.	Том је прилично симпатичан.	likable	0	0
There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	stabilizing	0	0
Tom is an avid cyclist.	Tom je strastven biciklista.	avid	0	0
Naoko swims.	Наоко плива.	naoko	0	0
Tom gazed at the stars.	Том је погледао у звезде.	gazed	0	0
Tom staggered.	Том посрну.	staggered	0	0
Tom took a swig of beer and smiled.	Том нали гутљај пива и насмеја се.	swig	0	0
The Volga is the longest river in Europe.	Волга је најдужа река у Европи.	volga	0	0
Finders keepers!	Ко пре девојци - њему девојка!	finders	0	0
Unwrap it.	Отпакуј га.	unwrap	0	0
I hate advertisements.	Мрзим рекламе.	advertisements	0	0
The devotees of Vishnu are called Vaishnavas; the devotees of Shiva are Shaivites.	Poklonici Višnua nazivaju se Višnuanci; poklonici Šive su Šivanci.	devotees	0	0
Doping is not compatible with my ideological views on the sport.	Doping nije kompatibilan sa mojim ideološkim pogledima na sport.	doping	0	0
Odd vases made by his own hand from the clay of the region held beautiful tropical flowers.	У чудним вазама које је својим рукама направио од глине из региона налазили су се прелепи тропски цветови.	vases	0	0
A simple multi-stage adjustment of the air flow is provided electronically.	Elektronika obezbeđuje višestepeno i jednostavno prilagođavanje protoka vazduha.	electronically	0	0
The most beautiful flowers have the sharpest thorns.	Najlepši cvetovi imaju najoštrije trnje.	sharpest	0	0
John grieves.	Џон тугује.	grieves	0	0
I winked.	Намигнуо сам.	winked	0	0
Tom cautiously approached the door.	Топ опрезно приђе вратима.	cautiously	0	0
Tom totaled his car.	Tom je izgulio automobil.	totaled	0	0
History is written by the victors.	Istoriju pišu pobednici.	victors	0	0
Tom crumpled the paper.	Tom je zgužvao papir.	crumpled	0	0
Hitler was one of the most infamous dictators.	Хитлер је био један од најпознатијих диктатора.	dictators	0	0
Do you know anyone who speaks Urdu over here?	Znaš li nekoga tamo ko govori Urdu?	urdu	0	0
A gluten-free diet is the most effective treatment for coeliac disease.	Безглутенска дијета је најефикаснији третман за целијакију.	gluten-free	0	0
Copier!	Преписивачу!	copier	0	0
I am an Earthling.	Ja sam Zemljanin.	earthling	0	0
I'm going to use rice for my collage.	Uzeću pirinač za svoj kolaž.	collage	0	0
She didn't bat an eyelid.	Nije ni trepnula.	eyelid	0	0
Tom intended to ask his boss for a raise, but he reconsidered.	Tom je nameravao da pita svog šefa za povišicu, ali je promenio mišljenje.	reconsidered	0	0
You should know that eating healthy, being physically active, and not smoking can prevent 80% of all cardiovascular disease, 90% of type 2 diabetes and 30% of cancers.	Trebalo bi da znaš da ako jedeš zdravo, fizički si aktivan i ne pušiš tada možeš sprečiti 80% svih kardiovaskularnih bolesti, 90% dijabetesa tipa 2 i 30% karcinoma.	cancers	0	0
Tom clapped.	Том затапша.	clapped	0	0
We recommend that mains water have a water-quality test carried out once a year, well water twice a year.	Predlažemo da se kvalitet vode proverava jednom godišnje u cevima, dvaput u bunaru.	mains	0	0
Tom is flamboyant.	Том је китњаст.	flamboyant	0	0
I'm going to visit as many zoos as I can.	Посетићу што више зоолошких вртова могу.	zoos	0	0
Renewable energy is essential for limiting the increase of the global temperature.	Obnovljiva energija je od suštinskog značaja za ograničavanje povećanja globalne temperature.	limiting	0	0
I'll teach you how to play the ukulele if you want me to.	Ако желиш, научићу те да свираш укулеле.	ukulele	0	0
Can you read this kanji?	Da li možeš da pročitaš ovaj kanji?	kanji	0	0
Nine FIFA officials have been arrested and charged with racketeering and bribery.	Devet FIFA zvaničnika je uhapšeno i optuženo za mito i korupciju.	racketeering	0	0
Even though Tom and Mary went to the same high school, they never talked to each other until they were both in their thirties.	Иако су Том и Мери ишли у исту школу, никад нису причали док обоје нису зашли у тридесете.	thirties	0	0
Tom and Mary lost their jobs due to budget cutbacks.	Том и Мери су изгубили посао због смањења буџета.	cutbacks	0	0
A quadrilateral is a geometric figure with four sides and four angles.	Četvorougao je geometrijska figura sa četiri stranice i četiri ugla.	geometric	0	0
I don't wear suggestive clothing.	Nisam nosila nametljivu odeću.	suggestive	0	0
Tom gossips a lot.	Том много оговара.	gossips	0	0
I restrained myself from commenting on my beloved friend this time.	Ovaj sam se put suzdržao od komentarisanja mog voljenog prijatelja.	commenting	0	0
Nine out of ten voters believe Maria is best suited to take over as leader. But Tom will abstain from voting.	Devet od deset birača smatraju da je Marija najpogodniji kandidat za novog vođu. Ali Tom neće glasati na ovim izborima.	abstain	0	0
The student is optimistic, but his advisor is a pessimist.	Студент је оптимиста, а његов саветник песимиста.	pessimist	0	0
Nail polish remover stinks a lot.	Скидач лака за нокте јако смрди.	remover	0	0
Who discovered radium?	Ко је открио радијум?	radium	0	0
I whistled.	Свирнуо сам.	whistled	0	0
The train almost derailed.	Боз замало да испадне из шина.	derailed	0	0
Monks used to play tennis in monasteries.	Monasi su umeli da igraju tenis u manastirima.	monasteries	0	0
She has convulsions.	Она има грчеве.	convulsions	0	0
The beautiful blonde was sunbathing on the beach.	Прелепа плавуша сунчала се на плажи.	sunbathing	0	0
Metal can be bent, twisted, cut, pressed, elongated, sawed, stretched, and melted into any shape desired.	Метал се може савити, уврнути, пресећи, утиснути, издужити, брусити, раширити и отопити у било који облик.	sawed	0	0
The rules were overstepped one step at a time for too long until war finally broke out.	Predugo su prekoračenja išla korak po korak, kada je konačno izbio rat.	overstepped	0	0
He answered incorrectly.	Одговорио је нетачно.	incorrectly	0	0
Composers create music.	Композитори компонују музику.	composers	0	0
Stay hydrated.	Уносите довољно течности.	hydrated	0	0
Are we undemocratic when we try to impose our own linguistic norms on others?	Da li smo mi to nedemokratski kada pokušavamo da nad drugima forsiramo naše sopstvene jezičke norme?	norms	0	0
I don't like socializing.	Ne volim da se socijalizujem.	socializing	0	0
Are you dieting?	Јесте ли на дијети?	dieting	0	0
I outsmarted Tom.	Надмудрио сам Тома.	outsmarted	0	0
Stop gawking.	Не буљи.	gawking	0	0
Tom and his family emigrated to Australia.	Tom se sa porodicom odselio u Australiju.	emigrated	0	0
She was quite unaffected by the death of her husband.	Smrt njenog muža je uopšte nije pogodila.	unaffected	0	0
They sweated.	Ознојиле су се.	sweated	0	0
Who rescheduled?	Ко је променио план?	rescheduled	0	0
Turtles have a lifespan of 10 to over 100 years.	Корњаче живе од 10 до преко 100 година.	lifespan	0	0
The theorem is incorrect.	Теорема није била тачна.	theorem	0	0
I began to study English when I was twelve years of age. At that time I was interested in languages, but not excessively so. Now I can speak English, French, Spanish and Portuguese; and so it is time to learn Latin.	Počeo sam da učim engleski kada mi je bilo dvanaest. Tada sam bio zainteresovan za jezike, ali ne u toj meri. Sada govorim engleski, francuski, špnaski i portugalski; dakle, vreme je da naučim latinski.	excessively	0	0
Tom knelt.	Том клекну.	knelt	0	0
I just had to get that clarified.	Само сам морао да појасним то.	clarified	0	0
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	disarray	0	0
This code needs to be rewritten.	Овај код треба преписати.	rewritten	0	0
Cicadas are singing.	Цврчци певају.	cicadas	0	0
I'm anemic.	Анемична сам.	anemic	0	0
The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.	Najveći izazov sa kojim će se projekat suočiti jeste dostupnost radnika sa sposobnostima koje su potrebne da bi projekat doživeo procvat.	availability	0	0
Avoid clichés.	Избегавај клишее.	clichés	0	0
Indeed, in hot weather it is important not to encase the ankles in heavy boots or leggings, as these would ensure overheating.	Заиста, током врућина је важно да чланци не буту прекривени дебелим чизмама или чарапама, јер би се тиме осигурало прегревање.	overheating	0	0
After us, the Deluge.	После нас, потоп.	deluge	0	0
That's a three-year project.	То је трогодишњи пројекат.	three-year	0	0
Tom paused a second.	Tom je zastao na sekund.	paused	0	0
It's very discouraging.	Веома је обесхрабрујуће.	discouraging	0	0
Sugar dissolves in warm coffee.	Šećer se rastvara u toploj kafi.	dissolves	0	0
Tom is a misfit.	Tom je nepodoban.	misfit	0	0
Have you ever milked a cow?	Da li si nekad pomuzao kravu?	milked	0	0
Redheads drive me crazy!	Риђокосе ме излуђују!	redheads	0	0
Pride tends to develop into hubris, which is close kin to madness.	Ponos teži da postane oholost, koja je blizak rod ludosti.	hubris	0	0
Tom managed to elude the police for three weeks.	Тому је три недеље успевало да измиче полицији.	elude	0	0
O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.	Oh, siva mačkice, molim te, ne predi. Deka bi mogao da te čuje.	purr	0	0
Mary is moderately attractive.	Meri je pomalo atraktivna.	moderately	0	0
Justice is slow, but eventual.	Правда је спора, али достижна.	eventual	0	0
Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.	Proizvođači oružija treba da doniraju svoj novac organizacijama koje mogu da pomognu zemljama u ratu.	organisations	0	0
It's obviously a typo.	Očigledno je u pitanju tipfeler.	typo	0	0
I'm adaptable.	Prilagodljiv sam.	adaptable	0	0
If it exists, a crossover with it will eventually happen.	Ako postoji, krosover sa tim će se kad-tad dogoditi.	crossover	0	0
Tom was unsatisfied with the results.	Tom nije bio zadovoljan rezultatima.	unsatisfied	0	0
She peeked through the curtain.	Provirila je kroz zavesu.	peeked	0	0
Tom took a book from the bookshelf and started reading it.	Том је узео књигу са полице и почео да је чита.	bookshelf	0	0
She suffers from claustrophobia.	Пати од клаустрофобије.	claustrophobia	0	0
Rabies is probably introduced periodically by polar foxes on drift ice from Siberia.	Verovatno do periodičnog pojavljivanje besnila dolazi jer plutajući led sa Sibira može da nosi polarne lisice na njima.	periodically	0	0
Tom is a bookworm.	Том много чита.	bookworm	0	0
I play the oboe.	Свирам обоу.	oboe	0	0
It's treatable.	Može da se leči.	treatable	0	0
The road is narrowing.	Пут се сужава.	narrowing	0	0
Unfamiliar terrain can be difficult to traverse.	Može biti teško obići nepoznati teren.	traverse	0	0
If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!	Ako želiš da razgovaraš sa mnogo ljudi, treba da naučiš Esperanto. Zašto ovaj jezik? Jer je istovremeno lep i stimuliše naše učenje. Međunarodni jezik je veoma važan jer ima tako mnogo ljudi iz različitih zemalja širom sveta. Uostalom, Esperanto nije samo koristan već i lak za učenje. Ako naučiš Esperanto, možeš da putuješ mnogim zemljama. Dođi i nauči!	stimulates	0	0
No drinkers.	Без пијаница.	drinkers	0	0
We have all received one blessing after another from the fullness of his grace.	Svi mi primismo blagoslov za blagoslovom od svemoguće njene milosti.	fullness	0	0
There is a long way from oil dependence to a renewable energy society.	Dalek je put od zavisnosti od nafte do društva zasnovanog na obnovljivoj energiji.	dependence	0	0
Tom's lips trembled.	Томове усне су задрхтале.	trembled	0	0
Let's not be catty.	Не будимо подмукле.	catty	0	0
I saw a hippopotamus at the zoo.	Video sam nilskog konja u zoološkom vrtu.	hippopotamus	0	0
The ship ran aground.	Brod se nasukao.	aground	0	0
Metal can be bent, twisted, cut, pressed, elongated, sawed, stretched, and melted into any shape desired.	Метал се може савити, уврнути, пресећи, утиснути, издужити, брусити, раширити и отопити у било који облик.	elongated	0	0
In our wide world, there exist countless lifestyles, languages and cultures.	У нашем широком свету, постоји незброј стилова живота, језика и култура.	lifestyles	0	0
Tom clamped his mouth shut.	Том је зачепио губицу.	clamped	0	0
Stop squabbling.	Престани да се препиреш.	squabbling	0	0
The tires squealed.	Kočnice su zaškripale.	squealed	0	0
I often experience palpitations of the heart.	Često osećam podrhtavanje srca.	palpitations	0	0
Vivaldi wrote a lot of music for the bassoon.	Vivaldi je napisao mnogo muzičkih dela za fagot.	vivaldi	0	0
Tom skimmed the report.	Tom je prelistao izveštaj.	skimmed	0	0
Stop frowning.	Престани да се мрштиш.	frowning	0	0
Tom worked part-time at a fast-food restaurant while he was in college.	Том је имао хонорарни посао у ресторану брзе хране док је био на факултету.	fast-food	0	0
Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	incentives	0	0
Inertia is an important governing law.	Inercija je važan upravljački zakon.	inertia	0	0
Tom is a philistine.	Том је простак.	philistine	0	0
Tom seems a little overdressed today.	Том се малко накинђурио данас.	overdressed	0	0
The Colosseum was used until the year 217, when it was struck by lightning and burnt.	Koloseum je korišćen do 217. godine, ali onda ga je pogodila munja i izgoreo je.	colosseum	0	0
Interoperability means compatibility with other systems.	Interabilnost je kompatibilnost sa drugim sistemima.	compatibility	0	0
The program sets the terms for project development and implementation.	Program postavlja uslove za razvoj i implementaciju projekata.	implementation	0	0
Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	omnipotent	0	0
You overestimate him.	Прецењујете га.	overestimate	0	0
The young man is often foolhardy.	Млад човек је често непромишљен.	foolhardy	0	0
Don't slouch.	Ne razvlačite se.	slouch	0	0
Tom swore when his expensive smartphone fell into the toilet.	Том је опсовао када је његов скупи паметни телефон пао у WC шољу.	smartphone	0	0
Do you feel yucky every morning?	Да ли се осећаш грозно сваког јутра?	yucky	0	0
They substituted coal for oil.	Они су заменили угаљ нафтом.	substituted	0	0
I goofed.	Зезнуо сам се.	goofed	0	0
The government is cracking down on tax avoidance schemes.	Vlada se slama zbog spletki oko izbegavanja plaćanja poreza.	avoidance	0	0
Magdalena and Ania are good friends.	Magdalena i Ania su dobre drugarice.	ania	0	0
Mary spends a lot of time on her phone, texting and e-mailing her friends.	Meri provodi mnogo vremena na telefonu, šaljući poruke i mejlove prijateljima.	e-mailing	0	0
This is Copacabana!	Ovo je Kopakabana!	copacabana	0	0
Tom frowned slightly.	Том се благо намрштио.	frowned	0	0
Don't quibble.	Ne cepidlači.	quibble	0	0
It's all work-related.	Sve je vezano za psoao.	work-related	0	0
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.	Безбојне зелене идеје спавају муњевито.	furiously	0	0
There are many minor mistakes and tiny misunderstandings here that distort the meaning of the original sentence.	Ovde je velika količina manjih grešaka i sitnog nerazumevanja koji iskrivljuju značenje originalne rečenice.	distort	0	0
Animals cannot distinguish between truth and falsehood.	Životinje ne mogu da razlikuju istinu i laži.	falsehood	0	0
You've misspelled my name.	Pogrešno si napisao moje ime.	misspelled	0	0
I don't think I'm materialistic.	Не мислим да сам материјалистичан.	materialistic	0	0
Any saddle may be adjusted to be comfortable, but saddles seldom remain comfortable after being adjusted.	Свако седиште се може подесити да буде удобно, али седишта ретко остају удобна после подешавања.	saddles	0	0
The earth rotates.	Земља се окреће.	rotates	0	0
The Asahi Shimbun did not carry that news.	Асахи Шимбун није пренео те вести.	asahi	0	0
This further complicates the problem.	Ово додатно компликује проблем.	complicates	0	0
Mother transplanted the flowers to the garden.	Mama je presadila cveće u baštu.	transplanted	0	0
How do you say XXX in Dutch?	Како се каже XXX на холандском језику?	xxx	0	0
This was refined and embodied in a personality so weird, rigid and stubborn that very few dared to closely work with him.	Ovo je bilo prefinjeno i oličeno u ličnosti tako čudnoj, krutoj i tvrdoglavoj da se malo ko usuđivao da blisko sarađuje sa njim.	embodied	0	0
December has thirty-one days.	U decembru ima 31 dan.	thirty-one	0	0
Mary was offended when Tom bought her some breath freshener.	Meri se uvredila kada joj je Tom kupio osveživač daha.	freshener	0	0
They had a debate on same-sex marriage.	Имали су дебату о истополним браковима.	same-sex	0	0
Tom was taken aback.	Tom je bio šokiran.	aback	0	0
Dan got a lucky cat figurine from a co-worker for his birthday.	Dan je za rođendan dobio figuricu mačke za sreću od kolege s posla.	figurine	0	0
I want to learn how to shear a sheep.	Хоћу да научим да шишам овце.	shear	0	0
The adrenal glands secrete adrenalin.	Adrenalinske žlezde luče adrenalin.	adrenalin	0	0
He's supposed to be living in Nagano. What's he doing at Tokyo station?	Требало би да живи у Наганоу. Шта ради на токијској станици?	nagano	0	0
Atomic energy can be utilized for peaceful purposes.	Atomska energija se može koristiti u miroljubive svrhe.	utilized	0	0
I have a hacksaw.	Имам бонсек.	hacksaw	0	0
Tadpoles become frogs.	Пуноглавци постају жабе.	tadpoles	0	0
They had a brainstorming session.	Одржали су отворену трибину.	brainstorming	0	0
Tom shaves only two or three times a week.	Том се брије само два или три пута недељно.	shaves	0	0
You should know that eating healthy, being physically active, and not smoking can prevent 80% of all cardiovascular disease, 90% of type 2 diabetes and 30% of cancers.	Trebalo bi da znaš da ako jedeš zdravo, fizički si aktivan i ne pušiš tada možeš sprečiti 80% svih kardiovaskularnih bolesti, 90% dijabetesa tipa 2 i 30% karcinoma.	cardiovascular	0	0
Consider all the conditions when you find that you are fatigued, and decide if the trouble is with yourself or with the weather.	Узмите у обзир све услове када приметите да сте преморени, и одлучите да ли је проблем са вама или са временом.	fatigued	0	0
Tom wants to repaint his house.	Том хоће да окречи своју кућу.	repaint	0	0
I like brunettes.	Волим бринете.	brunettes	0	0
You're going to electrocute yourself if you're not careful.	Удариће те струја ако не будеш била пажљива.	electrocute	0	0
How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	admirably	0	0
The crowd roared in delight.	Маса је урлала од задовољства.	roared	0	0
Are you dyslexic?	Jeste li disleksični?	dyslexic	0	0
Renewable energy refers to an energy source that cannot be exhausted.	Obnovljiva energije je izvor energije koji se ne može iscrpeti.	renewable	0	0
He often says that we need to help eachother.	On često govori da mi moramo pomoći jedni drugima.	eachother	0	0
How many Toms do you know?	Колико Тома познајете?	toms	0	0
We've never disputed that.	Никад нисмо то доводили у питање.	disputed	0	0
They have also found that the same miscalculation was made in some other cases.	Oni su takođe otkrili da se ista pogrešna procena napravila i u nekim drugim slučajevima.	miscalculation	0	0
I abhor spiders.	Не подносим пауке.	abhor	0	0
They have improved safeguards and they are now better prepared than before.	Oni su poboljšali bezbednosne procedure i sada su bolje pripremljeni nego ranije.	safeguards	0	0
Anatomical breast implants, however, can also deform the shape of the breast if they rotate sideways.	Anatomski implanti za grudi, međutim, takođe mogu da dovedu do deformacije oblika grudi ako rotiraju na bok.	anatomical	0	0
It looks appetizing.	Изгледа укусно.	appetizing	0	0
Tom broke down and sobbed uncontrollably while giving the eulogy at his mother's funeral.	Tom nije izdržao i nekontrolisano je plakao držeći slovo na majčinoj sahrani.	uncontrollably	0	0
Three servicemen were killed and three were injured in the explosion.	Tri vojna lica su ubijena i tri povređena u eksploziji.	servicemen	0	0
Tom was a very good skier when he was a teenager.	Tom je bio jako dobr sijaš dok je bio tinejdžer.	skier	0	0
Tom and Mary hiked through the forest.	Том и Мери су пешачили кроз шуму.	hiked	0	0
You're contradicting yourselves.	Kontradiktorni ste sami sa sobom.	contradicting	0	0
Tom was misbehaving.	Том је био немиран.	misbehaving	0	0
I'm easygoing.	Нехатан сам.	easygoing	0	0
Tom remodeled his house.	Реновирала сам му кућу.	remodeled	0	0
The horse must have stumbled and have toppled the knight.	Konj mora da se sapleo i vitez je pao s konja.	toppled	0	0
Hypnotism works.	Хипноза ради.	hypnotism	0	0
I had to get a molar extracted.	Morao je da mi se izvadi jedan kutnjak.	molar	0	0
The inverse of a non-square matrix is a dangerous thing.	Инверз неквадратне матрице је опасна ствар.	inverse	0	0
Stop cussing.	Престани да псујеш.	cussing	0	0
Wool dyes nicely.	Вуна се лепо боји.	dyes	0	0
People used to write books using typewriters.	Ljudi su nekada pisali knjige kucaćim mašinama.	typewriters	0	0
Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan.	Saporo je peti najveći grad u Japanu.	sapporo	0	0
I need the oil that helps with rashes and dry skin.	Treba mi to ulje koje pomaže pri osipu i za suvu kožu.	rashes	0	0
Can I borrow your earphones?	Могу ли да позајмим твоје слушалице?	earphones	0	0
The Humboldt current is a cold ocean current that flows north along the west coast of South America.	Struja Hambolt je hladna okeanska struja koja struji duž zapadne obale Južne Amerike.	humboldt	0	0
Tom is always busy on weekdays.	Том је увек заузет викендом.	weekdays	0	0
I've always wanted to learn how to play the mandolin.	Одувек сам хтео да научим да свирам мандолину.	mandolin	0	0
"The Thinker" is a well-known Rodin sculpture.	"Мислилац"је позната Роденова скулптура.	rodin	0	0
Shall we have an aperitif?	Da li da popjemo aperitiv?	aperitif	0	0
Hope quickly fades when you encounter a difficult situation and a pointless deadlock. You must be strong.	Nada se gubi kada doživljavaš tešku situaciju i besmislenu zakočenost. Moraš biti jak.	deadlock	0	0
Kati Wolf is a good singer.	Кети Волф је добра певачица.	kati	0	0
Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	militias	0	0
A friend of mine can speak Hindi fluently.	Moj prijatelj može tečno da govori Hindi.	fluently	0	0
Do all plants carry out photosynthesis?	Обављају ли све биљке фотосинтезу?	photosynthesis	0	0
Mary can't stand Tom's boss, because he's a male chauvinist pig.	Meri ne može da podnese Tomovog šefa jer je muška šovinistička svinja.	chauvinist	0	0
In Turkey, every school has to have an Atatürk effigy.	U Turskoj, svaka škola mora da ima Ataturkov spomenik.	effigy	0	0
I know that Tom is overconfident.	Знам да Том има превише самопоуздања.	overconfident	0	0
Tom is more opportunistic.	Том је више опортуниста.	opportunistic	0	0
Get up already, you lazybones!	Diži se odatle, lezileboviću!	lazybones	0	0
Tom gambles.	Том се коцка.	gambles	0	0
Does Tom ever get carsick?	Да ли је тому мука од вожње у колима?	carsick	0	0
Their swords clashed.	Мачеви им се сударише.	clashed	0	0
Tom nodded enthusiastically.	Том је ентузијатично климнуо главом.	enthusiastically	0	0
He and I are like-minded.	On i ja razmišljamo slično.	like-minded	0	0
We highly recommend using one of three preset modes to achieve optimal results.	Najjače preporučujemo da koristite jedan od tri unapred definisana režima za postizanje optimalnih rezultata.	modes	0	0
The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.	Najveći izazov sa kojim će se projekat suočiti jeste dostupnost radnika sa sposobnostima koje su potrebne da bi projekat doživeo procvat.	fruition	0	0
That elegant gold plated chain with hearts is a necklace that will "rock your world".	Taj elegantni pozlaćeni lančić sa srcima je ogrlica koja će "uzdrmati tvoj svet".	plated	0	0
That's complicating the matter.	To komplikuje stvari.	complicating	0	0
My name is Sascha.	Зовем се Саша.	sascha	0	0
Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.	Tom je predao listu tema koje bi mogle da uđu u plan za godišnji sastanak.	inclusion	0	0
Tom prides himself on his punctuality.	Том се дичи својом тачношћу.	prides	0	0
Beware of imitations.	Пазите на имитације.	imitations	0	0
Are we undemocratic when we try to impose our own linguistic norms on others?	Da li smo mi to nedemokratski kada pokušavamo da nad drugima forsiramo naše sopstvene jezičke norme?	linguistic	0	0
A "chek-chek" festival took place in Latvia.	Ček-ček festival se održao u Latviji.	latvia	0	0
I work as a freelancer translator.	Radim kao slobodni prevodilac.	freelancer	0	0
This sentence allows for multiple interpretations that I had to consider when translating.	Ova rečenica dopušta više interpretacija o kojima sam morao da vodim računa tokom prevođenja.	interpretations	0	0
We're downsizing.	Smanjujemo.	downsizing	0	0
I did not actually need to rest at all, but nor did I wish to continue my travels right away, for I had become enthralled by great curiosity.	Zapravo uopšte nisam morao da se odmaram, ali nisam ni želeo da odmah nastavim sa putovanjima, jer sam bio zanesem velikom radoznalošću.	enthralled	0	0
The prison escapee was quickly recaptured.	Begunac iz zatvora je brzo uhvaćen ponovo.	recaptured	0	0
The road is narrower now.	Пут је сада ужи.	narrower	0	0
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.	Lepota je u oku posmatrača.	beholder	0	0
Tom snorted.	Том фркну.	snorted	0	0
She's hyperactive.	Хиперактивна је.	hyperactive	0	0
I'm broken-hearted.	Срце ми је сломљено.	broken-hearted	0	0
Tom is the only breadwinner in the family.	Том је једини хранилац у породици.	breadwinner	0	0
The IRS is auditing me.	Poreska kontrola me proverava.	auditing	0	0
The adrenal glands secrete adrenalin.	Adrenalinske žlezde luče adrenalin.	adrenal	0	0
Mosquitoes in Minnesota are as big as storks.	Комарци у Минесоти су велики као роде.	storks	0	0
We strolled through the park.	Šetali smo kroz park.	strolled	0	0
A two-meter-long live crocodile has been found in a garden greenhouse in Sweden's third largest city, Malmö.	Dva metara dugačak živi krokodil je pronađen u stakleniku u bašti u Švedskom trećem gradu po veličini - Malmou.	malmö	0	0
Pickpockets almost always work in groups.	Џепароши скоро увек раде у групама.	pickpockets	0	0
What is eternal in nature when everything is so ephemeral?	Šta je u prirodi večno, kada je sve tako prolazno?	ephemeral	0	0
Tom exaggerates.	Том претерује.	exaggerates	0	0
Tom failed the breathalyzer test.	Том је пао алко-тест.	breathalyzer	0	0
A double-decker bus overtook us.	Претекао нас је аутобус на спрат.	overtook	0	0
She was visibly afraid to be here.	Била је видљиво уплашена што је овде.	visibly	0	0
Tom mumbled something.	Том промумла нешто.	mumbled	0	0
Indeed, in hot weather it is important not to encase the ankles in heavy boots or leggings, as these would ensure overheating.	Заиста, током врућина је важно да чланци не буту прекривени дебелим чизмама или чарапама, јер би се тиме осигурало прегревање.	leggings	0	0
Tom is despondent.	Том је утучен.	despondent	0	0
Tom put on his blinker.	Tom je uključio migavac.	blinker	0	0
Tom watched impatiently.	Том је нестрпљиво посматрао.	impatiently	0	0
The wastebasket is full.	Корпа за отпатке је пуна.	wastebasket	0	0
A church spire could be seen in the distance.	Crkveni zvonik se nazirao u daljini.	spire	0	0
A fight ensued.	Почела је туча.	ensued	0	0
Is it dangerous when a melanoma has spread?	Da li je opasno kada se melanoma širi?	melanoma	0	0
I'm pretty good at multitasking.	Prilično dobro multitaskujem.	multitasking	0	0
It's quite likely that FIFA is rotten to the core.	Veoma je verovatno da je FIFA trula do srži.	fifa	0	0
The prison escapee was quickly recaptured.	Begunac iz zatvora je brzo uhvaćen ponovo.	escapee	0	0
I pried the door open.	Одшкринух врата.	pried	0	0
Sugar replaced honey as a sweetener.	Šećer je zamenio med kao zaslađivač.	sweetener	0	0
Two kinds of lubricant are used on a bicycle--oil and graphite.	Две врсте лубриканта се користе за бицикл: уље и графит.	graphite	0	0
Punctuation is important.	Интерпункција је важна.	punctuation	0	0
Tom blushed.	Том је поцрвенео.	blushed	0	0
The engine's starting to overheat.	Motor se pregreva.	overheat	0	0
I sighed.	Уздахнух.	sighed	0	0
The essay itself isn't a problem, but all these pernicious questions and glossary make me awfully mad!	Nije sam esej problem, već sva ova pogubna pitanja i objašnjenja reči me strašno izluđuju!	pernicious	0	0
Tom became irate.	Том се срдио.	irate	0	0
I lingered.	Задржах се.	lingered	0	0
The doctor examines the patient.	Doktor ispituje pacijenta.	examines	0	0
I outwitted him.	Насамарио сам га.	outwitted	0	0
Buckwheat has become more expensive.	Heljda je poskupela.	buckwheat	0	0
Marcus became a usurper.	Маркус је постао узурпатор.	usurper	0	0
Statistics are easy to misinterpret.	Lako je da se statistika pogrešno tumači.	misinterpret	0	0
How many Shakespearean tragedies did you read?	Колико сте Шекспирових трагедија прочитали?	shakespearean	0	0
Tom mopped the floor.	Tom je brisao pod.	mopped	0	0
Don't scowl at me like that.	Немој да ме тако мрко гледаш.	scowl	0	0
By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.	Oni su slučajno čuli nekakvu sumnjivu aktivnost u šipražju što ukazuje da je medved namirisao njihovu hranu.	thicket	0	0
The author of "The Last of the Mohicans", James Fenimore Cooper, was the first environmentalist.	Pisac knjige "Poslednji mohikanac", Džejms Fenimor Kuper je bio prvi borac za zaštitu prirode.	environmentalist	0	0
The last time I went to the beach, I got badly sunburned.	Poslednji put kada sam otišao na plažu, žestoko sam izgoreo.	sunburned	0	0
Achoo!	Апћу!	achoo	0	0
Drops dripped.	Капљице су капале.	dripped	0	0
Tom has ADHD.	Том има хиперактивни поремећај.	adhd	0	0
The Committee recommended that those complaining should be reimbursed with a proportionate share of the annual fee with interest.	Komitet preporučuje da oni koji su se žalili treba da budu nadoknađeni sa proporcionalnim delom godišnje naknade sa kamatama.	reimbursed	0	0
The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	evokes	0	0
Bears hibernate.	Медведи хибернирају.	hibernate	0	0
The chrysanthemums smell nice.	Хризантеме лепо миришу.	chrysanthemums	0	0
Use a bookmark.	Употреби обележивач за књиге.	bookmark	0	0
She curled her hair with curlers.	Uvila je kosu papilotnama.	curlers	0	0
"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	stilton	0	0
I'm replaceable.	Zamenjiva sam.	replaceable	0	0
Tom is hot-headed.	Том брзо плане.	hot-headed	0	0
Tom is a bit miffed that we didn't tell him the truth.	Том се мало онерасположио јер му нисмо рекли истину.	miffed	0	0
Tom crouched.	Том чучну.	crouched	0	0
His airplane had already left when I got to Narita Airport.	Njegov avion je već bio poleteo kad sam stigao na aerodrom Narita.	narita	0	0
Tom drummed his fingers on the table nervously.	Tom je nervozno dobovao prstima po stolu.	drummed	0	0
When I see a rainbow in the sky, my heart flutters with joy.	Када видим дугу на небу, срце ми заигра од радости.	flutters	0	0
I have three beautiful granddaughters.	Imam tri predivne unuke.	granddaughters	0	0
If a man is promoted before a woman, it's called favoritism. If she gets promoted before a man, it's called equality.	Ako se muškarac unapredi ispred žene - to se naziva favorizovanje. Ako ona bude unapređena, ispred muškarca, to se naziva jednakost.	favoritism	0	0
I'm not unsympathetic.	Saosećajna sam.	unsympathetic	0	0
I'm a very introverted person.	Веома сам интровентна особа.	introverted	0	0
In childhood, many violent criminals wantonly mistreated animals.	U detinjstvu, mnogi nasilni kriminalci su bezobzirno mučili životinje.	wantonly	0	0
Death to colonialism!	Смрт колонијализму!	colonialism	0	0
No spoilers!	Без спојлера!	spoilers	0	0
I have strong reasons to believe that my son Sérgio Melo has registered at Tatoeba today, Sunday, May 11 2014, as member number 20,000.	Imam jakih razloga da verujem da se moj sin Sérgio Melo danas, 11. Maja 2014. u Nedelju, registrovao na Tatoeba-i kao 20 000 član!	sérgio	0	0
I shrugged.	Слегнух раменима.	shrugged	0	0
All that glitters is not gold.	Nije zlato sve što sja.	glitters	0	0
Sound needs matter to propagate through. However, cosmic noise and electromagnetic waves don't.	Da bi se zvuk prostirao treba mu materija, ali kosmičkom šumu ili elektromagnetskom zračenju to nije potrebno.	propagate	0	0
Do you speak Macedonian?	Да ли говорите македонски?	macedonian	0	0
Llamas have long been used in antibody research.	Ламе се дуго времена користе у истраживању антитела.	antibody	0	0
Citizenship is a prerequisite for voting.	Državljanstvo je preduslov za glasanje.	prerequisite	0	0
They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	respectively	0	0
The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.	Korišćenje kondoma tokom vaginalnog i analnog odnosa, i u oralnom seksu je najbolja preventivna mera.	preventive	0	0
Forewarned is forearmed.	Унапред упозорен је унапред наоружан.	forewarned	0	0
Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	fulfilment	0	0
Education in this world disappoints me.	U našem svetu obrazovanje je razočaravajuće.	disappoints	0	0
Vladivostok is a city in Russia.	Vladivostok je grad u Rusiji.	vladivostok	0	0
Tom flicked off the TV.	Tom je ugasio televizor.	flicked	0	0
Sometimes family feuds extend through the generations.	Nekad se zavade među porodicama prošire kroz generacije.	feuds	0	0
Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	inversion	0	0
His speech was an unmitigated disaster.	Govor mu je bio, blago rečeno, katastrofa.	unmitigated	0	0
Callous, unemotional children can sometimes become adult sociopaths.	Otupela, bezosećajna deca mogu nekada da odrastu u sociopate.	sociopaths	0	0
Can you teach me how to do somersaults?	Можеш ли да ме научиш како да радим колут напред?	somersaults	0	0
Yolks are yellow.	Жуманце је жуто.	yolks	0	0
Mary can't stand it when Tom hovers around her while she's cooking.	Meri ne može da podnese kada joj Tom diše za vratom dok ona kuva.	hovers	0	0
This is self-explanatory.	Ovo je samo po sebi jasno.	self-explanatory	0	0
Tom was brokenhearted.	Тому је срце било сломљено.	brokenhearted	0	0
Today I have finally mustered the courage to tell you I love you.	Danas sam konačno skupio hrabrost da ti kažem da te volim.	mustered	0	0
There are different ways of measuring levels of proficiency in a language.	Постоје различити начини на које може да се мери ниво познавања језика.	proficiency	0	0
I have a full-length mirror in my bedroom.	U spavaćoj sobi imam ogledalo od poda do plafona.	full-length	0	0
Tom retaliated.	Том се осветио.	retaliated	0	0
Tom wrung out the towel and hung it up to dry.	Tom je iscedio peškir i okačio ga da se osuši.	wrung	0	0
The new bus line should reduce my commuting time.	Нова аутобуска линија би требало да скрати време које проведем у превозу.	commuting	0	0
Llamas have long been used in antibody research.	Ламе се дуго времена користе у истраживању антитела.	llamas	0	0
Yanni stopped.	Јанни је престао.	yanni	0	0
The lights suddenly dimmed.	Светла су се одједном пригушила.	dimmed	0	0
His head ached.	Болела га је глава.	ached	0	0
Money is not a criterion of success.	Новац није мерило успеха.	criterion	0	0
Never attempt to mount or even to try the bicycle unless the saddle is properly secured and immovable.	Немојте покушавајти да се попнете на бициклу, чак ни пробе ради, ако седиште није исправно учвршћено и непокретно.	immovable	0	0
I urinated.	Пишкио сам.	urinated	0	0
I moaned.	Застењала сам.	moaned	0	0
Carbon monoxide is colorless and odorless.	Карбон-моноксид је безбојан и нема мирис.	colorless	0	0
Why don't you proofread your paper one more time?	Зашто поново не провериш свој рад?	proofread	0	0
The enquiry concluded that, despite his denials, the chief executive would have had to have known about the illegal practices occurring in the company.	Istragom je ustanovljeno da je, uprkos svom poricanju, šef morao da zna sve o nelegalnim zbivanjima u njegovoj kompaniji.	denials	0	0
No controversy is ever over for good. It will always resurface at some point.	Nijedna polemika nije zauvek završena. Uvek će ponovo isplivati na površinu.	resurface	0	0
My face twitches.	Лице ми се грчи.	twitches	0	0
I'm double-parked.	Duplo sam se parkirao.	double-parked	0	0
Ducklings are yellow.	Пачићи су жути.	ducklings	0	0
The sky brightened.	Небо је просветлело.	brightened	0	0
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	noob	0	0
Tom fanned himself with a magazine.	Том се хладио часописом.	fanned	0	0
A good writer can reshape and improve his text many times.	Dobar pisac može da preoblikuje i poboljšava svoj tekst mnogo puta.	reshape	0	0
Bitcoin and Ethereum are virtual currencies.	Bitkoin i eterijum su virtuelne valute.	currencies	0	0
Tom lives in a house that was built in the 1700s.	Tom živi u kući koja je sagrađena 1700-ih.	1700s	0	0
Tom likes canoeing.	Том воли вожњу кануа.	canoeing	0	0
Compasses point north.	Kompas pokazuje na sever.	compasses	0	0
Today I'll point out the pros and cons of outsourcing.	Danas ću ukazati na prednosti i mane outsourcinga.	outsourcing	0	0
Excuse my clumsiness.	Извините што сам трапав.	clumsiness	0	0
I knew I should never have gotten involved with your harebrained scheme.	Znao sam da ne treba da se petljam u tvoja ćaknuta posla.	harebrained	0	0
Sirens howled.	Сирене завијаше.	howled	0	0
Tatoeba boosts your confidence and you are inspired to try further.	Tatoeba ti podiže samopouzdanje i inspiriše te da nastaviš da se trudiš.	boosts	0	0
Tom thought Mary was unimpressed.	Том је мислио да Марија није била импресионирана.	unimpressed	0	0
I beeped the horn.	Свирнуо сам сиреном.	beeped	0	0
Everyone is getting fidgety.	Сви почињу да се врпоље.	fidgety	0	0
Tom soldered the wires with his soldering iron.	То је залемио жице својом лемилицом.	soldering	0	0
This is a unique friendship that has deepened over the years.	To je potpuno jedinstveno prijateljstvo koje se produbljuje mnogo godina.	deepened	0	0
Tom snored.	Том је хркао.	snored	0	0
What Tom said was implausible, but I pretended to believe him.	То што је Том рекао је било неуверљиво, али ја сам се претварао да му верујем.	implausible	0	0
I'm a purist.	Ja sam purista.	purist	0	0
Can it be phrased in another way?	Да ли може да се каже на другачији начин?	phrased	0	0
Tom reeked of alcohol.	Том је смрдео на алкохол.	reeked	0	0
Tom braced himself.	Tom se pripremio.	braced	0	0
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.	Бурџ Калифа је тренутно највиши облакодер на свету.	khalifa	0	0
Elephants are herbivores.	Слонови су биљоједи.	herbivores	0	0
An egoist is someone who thinks only about himself, and not about me.	Egoista je neko ko misli samo na sebe, a ne na mene.	egoist	0	0
I flinched.	Цимнух се.	flinched	0	0
Quit bellyaching.	Престани да зановеташ.	bellyaching	0	0
I don't like escalators.	Не волим лифтове.	escalators	0	0
She jogs every morning before breakfast.	Ona svako jutro džogira pre doručka.	jogs	0	0
His mother is Yugoslavian.	Njegova majka je Jugoslovenka.	yugoslavian	0	0
Ask Trang if he's going out this evening.	Питај Транга да ли излази вечерас.	trang	0	0
A snowplow tried to keep the highway near Oslo free of snow on Thursday morning.	Kamion za čišćenje snega je pokušavao da održava autoput u blizini Osla bez snega u četvrtak ujutru.	snowplow	0	0
Atatürk was born in 1881 in Thessaloniki.	Ataturk je rođen 1881, u Solunu.	thessaloniki	0	0
After that newspaper wrote that no farmer wanted to work as a tenant in Vestfold, interest has skyrocketed.	Pošto što su te novine bile pisale o tome da ni jedan zemljoradnik ne želi da radi kao zakupac u Vestfoldu, interesovanje je naglo poraslo.	skyrocketed	0	0
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	visualizing	0	0
There is a strange-looking mark on the wall.	На зиду је био чудан знак.	strange-looking	0	0
Vivaldi wrote a lot of music for the bassoon.	Vivaldi je napisao mnogo muzičkih dela za fagot.	bassoon	0	0
In case of collision, the vehicle which has maintained the proper side of the roadway has the advantage in case of legal controversy.	У случају судара, возило које се правилно држало своје стран пута има предност у случају легалних контроверзија.	roadway	0	0
She is making a mountain out of a molehill.	Ona pravi od komarca slona.	molehill	0	0
I panicked when I read that they expected big protests in Riyadh today, but then my wife reassured me, saying that she had just bought two bottles of olive oil, ensuring our living standard for months, even if oil prices were to explode.	Успаничио сам се када сам прочитао да су данас очекивали велике протесте у Ријаду, али ме је онда жена умирила, рекавши ми да је управо купила две боце маслиновог уља, тиме обезбедивши наш животни стандард за надолазеће месеце, чак и да цена нафте букне.	riyadh	0	0
We visited the hippodrome. We visited the horse racecourse.	Посетили смо хиподром. Посетили смо тркалиште за коње.	hippodrome	0	0
What if I accidentally nail a sentence which is copyrighted?	Шта ако случајно набодем реченицу чија су права заштићена?	copyrighted	0	0
Carbon monoxide is colorless and odorless.	Карбон-моноксид је безбојан и нема мирис.	odorless	0	0
Dripping water wears away a stone not with its strength, but with its constancy.	Voda koja kaplje ne odranja kamen snagom nego istrajnošću.	constancy	0	0
To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.	Da bi se obezbedila efikasna zaštita motora i podmazivanje pod svim uslovima rada, koristite samo najbolje motorno ulje.	lubrication	0	0
Keep scrolling.	Настави да скролаш.	scrolling	0	0
How many symphonies did Beethoven write?	Koliko simfonija je napisao Betoven?	symphonies	0	0
Tom is a third-year student.	Tom je student treće godine.	third-year	0	0
Trier is the oldest city in Germany.	Trier je najstariji grad u Nemačkoj.	trier	0	0
They're dimming the lights. The play is about to begin.	Prigušuju svetla. Predstava samo što nije počela.	dimming	0	0
The adrenal glands secrete adrenalin.	Adrenalinske žlezde luče adrenalin.	secrete	0	0
