Da li bi razgovarao sa Tomom?	Would you talk to Tom?	da	0	0
Tom je stara škola.	Tom is old school.	je	0	0
Ne treba da jedeš odmah pre odlaska u krevet.	You shouldn't eat just before going to bed.	ne	0	0
Nadam se da će Tom da izgubi.	I hope Tom loses.	se	0	0
Čak i deca znaju to.	Even children know that.	i	0	0
Mont Blank je najviša planina u Alpima.	The Mont Blanc is the highest mountain in the Alps.	u	0	0
To je OK da spavaš ovde ako to želiš.	It's OK to sleep here if you want to.	to	0	0
Ni sam ljuta ni na koga.	I'm not mad at anybody.	sam	0	0
Jedan student iz Osla koji je falsifikovao svoju diplomu da se upiše na fakultet je bio osuđen na zatvor.	A student from Oslo who falsified his diploma to get into college has been sentenced to prison.	na	0	0
Koji čas ti je najinteresantniji?	What's your most interesting class?	ti	0	0
Dozvolila mi je da odem.	She allowed me to go.	mi	0	0
Moje tečno poznavanje jezika je dovoljno za mnoge situacije, ali ne i za iskazivanje mojih, često međusobno kontradiktornih, emocija.	My fluency is sufficient for many situations, but not for expressing my — often contradictory — emotions.	za	0	0
Potcenio si me.	You underestimated me.	si	0	0
Delujem li obično srećno?	Do I usually seem happy?	li	0	0
"Kada si legla da spavaš sinoć?" "U 4." "Šta? Šta si radila toliko kasno?" "Pričala sam sa bivšim na telefonu."	"When'd you go to sleep last night?" "4 o'clock." "What? What were you doing up so late?" "Talking on the phone with my ex-boyfriend."	šta	0	0
Uči se tako što se radi.	One learns by doing.	što	0	0
Ja sam platila za to.	I paid for it.	ja	0	0
Tom je već ovde, ali Meri još nije stigla.	Tom is already here, but Mary hasn't arrived yet.	ali	0	0
Da li se slažeš sa onim što je Tom napisao u svom izveštaju?	Do you agree with what Tom wrote in his report?	sa	0	0
To su loše vesti.	That's bad news.	su	0	0
Kladim se da te Tom nikad nije ljubio tako.	I bet Tom never kissed you like that.	nije	0	0
Pogledajte ovo.	Check this.	ovo	0	0
Samo ne žurim.	I'm just taking my time.	samo	0	0
Ne želim da me vidiš golu.	I don't want you to see me naked.	me	0	0
Posetićemo te nekad.	We will visit you sometime.	te	0	0
Od trenutka kada ga je video, srce mu je stalo.	From the moment he saw him, his heart stopped.	od	0	0
A ko si ti?	And just who might you be?	a	0	0
Želiš da ga upoznaš?	Would you like to meet him?	ga	0	0
Tom bi mogao da ima neke veze sa tim.	Tom might have something to do with that.	bi	0	0
Kako to?	How come?	kako	0	0
Pričaću sa Tomom o tome.	I'll speak to Tom about that.	o	0	0
Tofu dobro ide uz Sake.	Tofu goes well with sake.	dobro	0	0
Šta će se dogoditi ako sada dođe do nestanka struje?	What will happen if there's a power failure now?	ako	0	0
Učiniću sve za tebe.	I'll do everything for you.	sve	0	0
Uštedeli bi vreme da smo se spustili kroz Park Street.	We'd save time if we drove down Park Street.	smo	0	0
Kao u dobra stara vremena.	This is just like old times.	kao	0	0
Imam osećaj da će da pada kiša.	I have a hunch that it will rain.	će	0	0
Tom me je zamolio da nikome ne kažem, tako da nisam.	Tom asked me not to tell anyone, so I didn't.	tako	0	0
Želim da znam razlog.	I want to know the reason.	znam	0	0
Nisam video ništa.	I haven't seen a thing.	nisam	0	0
Ne mogu da verujem da si me lagao.	I can't believe you lied to me.	mogu	0	0
Da li ste spremni?	Are you ready?	ste	0	0
Ovde je.	It's here.	ovde	0	0
Živim blizu mora, pa ja mogu da često odlazim na plažu.	I live near the sea, so I often get to go to the beach.	pa	0	0
Tom je ranije bio fudbaler.	Tom was a footballer.	bio	0	0
Zašto to misliš?	Why do you think so?	zašto	0	0
Tom i ja nismo prijatelji. Samo smo kolege s posla.	Tom and I aren't friends. We're just coworkers.	s	0	0
"Učite iz svojih grešaka" i "Iskustvo je najbolji učitelj", kažu, ali na duge staze čak i najbolji učitelj pobesni, ako on ili ona ima previše da predaje u premalo vremena.	"Learn from your mistakes" and "Experience is the best teacher" they say, but in the long run even the best teacher gets mad, if he or she has too much to teach in too little time.	on	0	0
Mogu li da čujem još jedan?	Can I have another one?	još	0	0
Mogu li da vas pitam nešto?	Can I ask you a question?	nešto	0	0
Sigurna sam da nije bilo namerno.	I'm sure it wasn't intentional.	bilo	0	0
Ne brini! Ako mi pomognes sve ce biti u redu.	Don't worry! If you help me, everything will be fine.	redu	0	0
Lagan ručak će biti serviran.	A light lunch will be served.	biti	0	0
Mogli smo da spasemo Toma samo da smo stigli koji minut ranije.	We could've saved Tom if we'd arrived just a few minutes earlier.	koji	0	0
Dođem kad mogu.	I come when I can.	kad	0	0
Samo trenutak, molim vas.	Just one moment, please.	vas	0	0
Sutra ću da kupim šta mi treba.	Tomorrow I'll buy what I need.	ću	0	0
Hvala!	Thanks!	hvala	0	0
Neko mi je ukrao nešto iz torbe.	Someone stole something from my bag.	iz	0	0
Mislim da je Tom trebalo da bude ovde.	I think Tom was supposed to be here.	mislim	0	0
Ima mnogo neiskrenih ljudi na svetu.	There are many dishonest people in the world.	ima	0	0
Nikad nikom ne pozajmljujem knjige ili CD-ove.	I never lend books or CDs to anyone.	ili	0	0
Znaš li nekoga tamo ko govori Urdu?	Do you know anyone who speaks Urdu over here?	znaš	0	0
Ovo možda ne bude dovoljno.	This might not be enough.	možda	0	0
Tom je kupio novine i pročitao ih u vozu.	Tom bought a newspaper and read it on the train.	ih	0	0
Tom zna da se više od 91 odsto Norveškog stanovništva snadbeva pijaćom vodom iz površinskih izvora.	Tom knows that more than 91 per cent of the Norwegian population is supplied with potable water from surface water sources.	više	0	0
Koji su ti planovi onda?	So what are your plans?	onda	0	0
Tomu je sada bolje nego što mu je bilo ranije.	Tom is now better off than he was before.	sada	0	0
To su vam izbori.	Those are your options.	vam	0	0
Ti si veoma pametan, zar ne?	You're very clever, aren't you?	zar	0	0
Tom mi je pomogao da uštedim koji dinar tako što mi je rekao za jeftinije mesto gde se to može kupiti.	Tom helped save me a few bucks by telling me about a cheaper place to buy one.	gde	0	0
Јеси ли пробао да вриштиш?	Have you tried screaming?	да	0	0
Ima oko 300 milja odavde do Bostona.	It's about 300 miles from here to Boston.	do	0	0
Mogla bih da popričam s Tomom.	I could talk to Tom.	bih	0	0
Sutra ću da kupim šta mi treba.	Tomorrow I'll buy what I need.	treba	0	0
Moj sat pokazuje tačno vreme.	My watch keeps good time.	moj	0	0
Ona je prepoznala vrhunskog špijuna sa višestrukim identitetom kada mu je pala perika.	She recognized the master spy with multiple identities when his wig fell off.	mu	0	0
Tom mi je rekao da mu je otac preminuo.	Tom told me that his father had passed away.	rekao	0	0
Kada je Tom bio dete, jedina knjiga u kući je bila Biblija.	When Tom was a kid, the only book in the house was a Bible.	bila	0	0
Dajte sebi malo vremena.	Give yourself some time.	malo	0	0
Meri se uvredila kada joj je Tom kupio osveživač daha.	Mary was offended when Tom bought her some breath freshener.	kada	0	0
Nema mu ravnog.	He is second to none.	nema	0	0
Ne želim ništa od tebe.	I don't want anything from you.	ništa	0	0
Tom kuva za nas.	Tom cooks for us.	nas	0	0
Nema puno prodavnica pored mene.	There aren't many stores near where I live.	mene	0	0
Ko je slomio šoljicu?	Who broke the mug?	ko	0	0
Ona je ponosna na svoj talenat.	She prides herself on her talent.	ona	0	0
Том је деловао збуњено.	Tom seemed confused.	је	0	0
Ne želim ništa od tebe.	I don't want anything from you.	tebe	0	0
Napišite odgovor na ovom papiru, molim Vas.	Write the answer on this piece of paper, please.	molim	0	0
Da li sam sad bezbedan?	Am I safe now?	sad	0	0
Ne zabavljaš se ni sa kim, zar ne?	You don't date, do you?	ni	0	0
Hajde da porazgovaramo o mogućnostima.	Let's discuss our options.	hajde	0	0
Svi su tamo.	Everyone's there.	tamo	0	0
Pošten čovek to ne može da uradi.	A man worthy of his salt cannot do such a thing.	može	0	0
Možeš li da mi dodaš daljinac?	Could you hand me the remote?	možeš	0	0
Nisam dobro spavao prošle noći, pa danas imam malo energije.	I didn't sleep well last night so I have little energy today.	imam	0	0
Nisam ovde zbog toga.	I'm not here for that.	zbog	0	0
Vi to možete ako probate.	You guys can do it if you try.	vi	0	0
Nastavnica nam je objasnila šta je pesnik hteo da kaže.	The teacher explained to us the meaning of the poem.	nam	0	0
Želim da budem plivačica.	I want to be a swimmer.	želim	0	0
Ne smete da uđete u tu prostoriju.	You may not enter that room.	tu	0	0
Hej, pruži mi priliku.	Hey, give me a chance.	hej	0	0
Zar nisi učinila dovoljno?	Haven't you done enough?	nisi	0	0
Da li je Tom stvarno upisao Harvard?	Did Tom really get into Harvard?	stvarno	0	0
Jesi li mogao da pročitaš to?	Could you read it?	jesi	0	0
Učitelj je napisao nešto na tabli, ali nisam mogao da pročitam jer je bilo premalo.	The teacher wrote something on the blackboard, but it was too small for me to read.	jer	0	0
Svi su stajali.	Everyone stood.	svi	0	0
Tom je pisao po zemlji štapom.	Tom wrote on the ground with a stick.	po	0	0
Zato mi se sviđao Tom.	That's why I liked Tom.	zato	0	0
Nije baš tako.	That's not exactly right.	baš	0	0
Mnogo je loših ljudi na svetu.	There are a lot of bad people in the world.	ljudi	0	0
To moram da kažem Tomu.	I must tell Tom that.	moram	0	0
Koliko stvarno imate godina?	How old are you really?	koliko	0	0
Mi ćemo se postarati za ovog.	We'll handle this one.	ćemo	0	0
Mala je šansa da je Tom zauzet koliko misliš da jeste.	It's unlikely Tom is as busy as you think.	misliš	0	0
Već sam napisala deo izveštaja.	I've already written my part of the report.	već	0	0
Hamlet verovatno nije želeo da se venča. Postojao je samo jedan Hamlet; ipak, ima mnogo ljudi kao što je on.	Hamlet probably didn't want to get married. There was only one Hamlet, however there are many people like him.	jedan	0	0
Tom uvek napravi nered od stvari.	Tom is always making a mess of things.	stvari	0	0
Idemo po Toma.	We'll go get Tom.	idemo	0	0
Moj otac uvek čita novine pre doručka.	My father always reads the newspaper before breakfast.	pre	0	0
Moja je porodica volela Toma.	My family loved Tom.	moja	0	0
Šta ćeš raditi ovog leta?	What'll you be doing this summer?	ćeš	0	0
Izgledalo je da je Tom zauzetiji nego obično.	Tom seemed busier than usual.	nego	0	0
Tom je jedan od najzanimljivijih momaka koje sam ikada upoznala.	Tom is one of the most interesting guys I've ever met.	koje	0	0
Pokrij usta dok kašlješ, kijaš ili zevaš.	Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.	dok	0	0
To neće imati nikakvog efekta.	That won't have an effect.	neće	0	0
Da li je mušterija uvek u pravu?	Is the customer always right?	uvek	0	0
Kamion za čišćenje snega je pokušavao da održava autoput u blizini Osla bez snega u četvrtak ujutru.	A snowplow tried to keep the highway near Oslo free of snow on Thursday morning.	bez	0	0
Oh, siva mačkice, molim te, ne predi. Deka bi mogao da te čuje.	O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.	oh	0	0
Naravno, zakasnio je u školu, kao i obično.	Needless to say, he was late for school as usual.	naravno	0	0
Tom greši u vezi toga.	Tom is wrong about that.	toga	0	0
Da li je to ono što je potrebno?	Is that what it takes?	ono	0	0
Imaš li papir po kome mogu da pišem?	Do you have a piece of paper I can write on?	imaš	0	0
Tom nam je pomogao da uštedimo mnogo novca.	Tom helped us save a lot of money.	mnogo	0	0
"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	joj	0	0
Ne možemo nazad.	We can't go back there.	možemo	0	0
Ovaj nož nije oštar.	The knife isn't sharp.	ovaj	0	0
Da li neko zna gde je Tom?	Does anyone know where Tom is?	neko	0	0
Znaće oni šta da urade.	They'll know what to do.	oni	0	0
Mogu li da vam pomognem, gospodine?	Can I help you, sir?	gospodine	0	0
Vreme je za istinu.	It's time for the truth.	vreme	0	0
Taj sat žuri jedan minut.	That clock is one minute fast.	taj	0	0
Postavljamo pitanja učetelju svakog dana.	We ask the teacher questions every day.	dana	0	0
Odvešću te kod Toma.	I'll take you to Tom.	kod	0	0
Moderna, racionalna, logična i nepristrasna nauka nam je već dala daleko sigurnija saznanja i nemerljivo više nego što nam je bilo koja religija ikada dala.	Modern, rational, logical and unprejudiced science has already given us far more secure knowledge and immeasurably more than any religion has ever given us.	koja	0	0
Koje godine je napravljen tvoj automobil?	What year was your car made?	tvoj	0	0
Trebalo bi da znaš da ako jedeš zdravo, fizički si aktivan i ne pušiš tada možeš sprečiti 80% svih kardiovaskularnih bolesti, 90% dijabetesa tipa 2 i 30% karcinoma.	You should know that eating healthy, being physically active, and not smoking can prevent 80% of all cardiovascular disease, 90% of type 2 diabetes and 30% of cancers.	zdravo	0	0
Reći ću samo: ti si predivna.	But I will say this: You are gorgeous.	reći	0	0
Tvoja knjiga je dvostruko veća od moje.	Your book is double the size of mine.	moje	0	0
Znači li to da me volite?	Does this mean that you love me?	znači	0	0
Preteruješ, Tome.	You're out of line, Tom.	tome	0	0
Koji je vaš posao?	What's your job?	posao	0	0
Nikad ranije nisam primetila to.	I've never noticed that before.	nikad	0	0
Žao mi je što sam propustio tvoj rođendan.	I'm sorry I missed your birthday.	žao	0	0
Zovi ga kako hoćeš.	Call it what you like.	hoćeš	0	0
Meri je rekla da će otkriti tajne svih svojih šefova ako joj ne povećaju platu.	Mary said that she would reveal all of her employer's secrets if he did not raise her wage.	rekla	0	0
Možeš ti bolje od toga.	You can do better than that.	bolje	0	0
Tom prolazi kroz krizu srednjih godina.	Tom is going through a midlife crisis.	godina	0	0
Imamo devet osoba u mojoj porodici.	There are nine people in my family.	imamo	0	0
Da li si mogao da pročitaš to?	Could you read it?	mogao	0	0
Put je direktan.	The path is direct.	put	0	0
Sve što je Tom želeo jeste da ode kući.	All Tom wanted was to go home.	jeste	0	0
Ne vidim ništa.	I can't see anything.	vidim	0	0
Otići ću jedan dan ranije nego što sam planirao.	I'm going to leave one day earlier than I had planned to.	dan	0	0
Mora da je neka greška.	It has to be a mistake.	mora	0	0
Šta radi tvoja tetka?	What does your aunt do?	radi	0	0
Izgleda da je Tom iskrena osoba.	Tom seems to be an honest person.	izgleda	0	0
Nikada više neću pomenuti ovo.	I won't ever mention this again.	neću	0	0
Moramo odmah da delujemo.	We must act at once.	moramo	0	0
Želiš li da učiš nešto određeno?	Is there something in particular that you want to study?	želiš	0	0
Nemoj da razgovaraš.	Don't talk.	nemoj	0	0
Uvredio si se zbog toga, iako to uopšte nije imalo to značenje, i to je trebalo da bude nešto smešno sa moje strane, ali ti to nisi video tako.	You took it as offensive, even though that was not at all my intention. I meant it as something funny, but you didn't see it like that.	bude	0	0
Bili su tako srećni zajedno.	They were so happy together.	bili	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	kažem	0	0
Pazi šta radiš.	Behave yourself.	radiš	0	0
Ljudi su bili dobri prema meni.	People were nice to me.	meni	0	0
Sada moram da idem.	I must go now.	idem	0	0
O Bože!	Good heavens!	bože	0	0
Mama, gladan sam.	Mom, I'm hungry.	mama	0	0
Ко се не слаже?	Who disagrees?	не	0	0
Disertaciju moraš da napišeš na engleskom.	Your PhD thesis has to be written in English.	moraš	0	0
Samo polako, OK?	Just take it easy, OK?	ok	0	0
Daj da ti kupim pivo.	Let me buy you a beer.	daj	0	0
Imao sam dobar život.	I've had a good life.	dobar	0	0
Tata je zauzet.	My dad is busy.	tata	0	0
Tokom vedrih dana, odavde se vidi Fudži.	On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji from here.	vidi	0	0
Danas sam konačno skupio hrabrost da ti kažem da te volim.	Today I have finally mustered the courage to tell you I love you.	volim	0	0
Придигни се.	Sit up.	се	0	0
Siguran sam da si im potreban.	I'm sure they need you.	im	0	0
Све је у реду.	All is well.	у	0	0
Ja ne mogu da živim takav život.	I can't live that kind of life.	život	0	0
Dobro došli kući.	Welcome home.	kući	0	0
Ako ti treba pomoć, reci mi.	If you need help, let me know.	reci	0	0
Том је клекнуо на једно колено и запросио девојку.	Tom got down on one knee and proposed to his girlfriend.	и	0	0
Jedva sam uspeo da sakrijem svoje ogorčenje zbog njene drskosti.	I could barely contain my indignation at her impudence.	svoje	0	0
Bio sam tamo dva puta.	I've been there twice.	dva	0	0
Udala se za njega prošle godine.	She married him last year.	njega	0	0
Govori bi trebalo da počnu uskoro.	The talks should begin soon.	trebalo	0	0
Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	stvar	0	0
One nisu moje.	They aren't mine.	nisu	0	0
"Imaš već 21 godinu, i još uživaš u vožnji unazad!" "Samo sam..." "Stiopa, nisam mislio na tebe!"	"You are twenty-one already, and still you are enjoying reversed clips!" "I just..." "Styopa, I didn't mean you!"	mislio	0	0
Puno vremena je prošlo.	It's taken a long time.	vremena	0	0
Tom je imao svoju priliku.	Tom has had his chance.	imao	0	0
Evo jedne male tajne.	Here's a little secret.	evo	0	0
Tom mi je danas rekao to.	Tom told me that today.	danas	0	0
Znate li kako da deaktivirate bombu?	Do you know how to deactivate a bomb?	znate	0	0
Nećemo nikada da se vratimo tamo.	We'll never go back there again.	nikada	0	0
Volela bih da sam znala da Tom ne zna da govori francuski.	I wish I'd known that Tom couldn't speak French.	zna	0	0
Nema svrhe samo čekati da se nešto dogodi; moraš odmah nešto da preduzmeš.	It's no good waiting for something to happen; you must take action at once.	odmah	0	0
Inače, koja je tvoja adresa?	By the way, what's your address?	tvoja	0	0
Možete li mi, molim vas, reći kako da stignem do aerodroma?	Could you please tell me how to get to the airport?	možete	0	0
Zašto me toliko mrziš?	Why do you hate me so much?	toliko	0	0
Neka ostane tako za sada.	Let's leave it at that for now.	neka	0	0
Tom radi šta mu se kaže.	Tom does what is asked of him.	kaže	0	0
Neki religiozni ljudi mogu da budu jako osuđujući.	Some religious people can be very judgmental.	neki	0	0
Video sam nilskog konja u zoološkom vrtu.	I saw a hippopotamus at the zoo.	video	0	0
Tri vojna lica su ubijena i tri povređena u eksploziji.	Three servicemen were killed and three were injured in the explosion.	tri	0	0
Tom se nikad ne bi složio sa tim.	Tom never would agree to that.	tim	0	0
Kladim se da Tom nikad nije razgovarao sa tobom tako.	I bet Tom never spoke to you like that.	tobom	0	0
Čak ni Tom neće da radi to.	Even Tom doesn't do that.	čak	0	0
Kako je ime tom restoranu?	What's that restaurant's name?	ime	0	0
Ukrao je veoma dragocen dijamantski prsten.	He stole a very valuable diamond ring.	veoma	0	0
Шутни то.	Kick it.	то	0	0
Koju radio stanicu obično slušaš?	What radio station do you usually listen to?	koju	0	0
Hoću mač!	I want a sword!	hoću	0	0
Ne mogu da smislim o čemu da pišem.	I can't think of anything to write about.	čemu	0	0
Niko od nas nije uradio ono što je Tom želeo da uradimo.	None of us did what Tom wanted us to do.	niko	0	0
Pročitao sam oko sto knjiga dosad.	I've read about a hundred books so far.	oko	0	0
Tom je doneo svoju gitaru.	Tom brought his guitar.	svoju	0	0
Da li si ti muškarac ili žena?	Are you a man or a woman?	žena	0	0
To sam mogao da uradim vez tvoje pomoći.	I could've done that without your help.	tvoje	0	0
Treba da krenemo opet.	We need to start over.	opet	0	0
Upravo se radi na rešavanju problema.	The problem's being looked into as I speak.	upravo	0	0
Meri je zaboravila da isključi svoj mikrofon.	Mary forgot to turn her mic off.	svoj	0	0
Ne raspravljaj se sa mnom!	Don't argue with me.	mnom	0	0
Jesam li toliko drugačija?	Am I so different?	jesam	0	0
Tom ide u školu za grafički dizajn.	Tom goes to school for graphic design.	ide	0	0
Питао сам Тома за то.	I've asked Tom about that.	сам	0	0
Još nismo spremni.	We're not through yet.	nismo	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	idi	0	0
Sigurno ti nedostaje domovina.	You must be homesick.	sigurno	0	0
Vidimo se kasnije!	See you later!	vidimo	0	0
Tom i Meri imaju seks otprilike jednom nedeljno.	Tom and Mary have sex about once a week.	jednom	0	0
Šta ja radim ovde?	What am I doing here?	radim	0	0
Ove košulje su iste. Iste su boje.	These shirts are the same. They are the same colour.	ove	0	0
Kad god pronađem nešto što mi se dopadne, to je uvek preskupo.	Whenever I find something I like, it's too expensive.	god	0	0
Dođi da me vidiš posle posla.	Come and see me after work.	vidiš	0	0
Očigledno postoji problem.	There's clearly a problem.	postoji	0	0
Danas nemam domaći.	I don't have any homework today.	nemam	0	0
Moj otac je toliko star da ne može da radi.	My father is so old that he can't work.	otac	0	0
Začepi ta prljava usta.	Shut your filthy mouth.	ta	0	0
Šta ne možeš da mi kažeš?	What can't you tell me?	kažeš	0	0
Čovek se uči dok je živ.	Live and learn.	čovek	0	0
Na tebi je da izabereš.	It's for you to choose.	tebi	0	0
Kupio sam puno stvari.	I bought lots of stuff.	puno	0	0
Znao sam da nećeš umeti da uradiš to.	I knew you wouldn't be able to do that.	znao	0	0
Tom i Meri se lepo slažu.	Tom and Mary get along.	lepo	0	0
Nisam siguran da li Tom želi da priča sa mnom.	I'm not sure whether Tom wants to talk to me.	želi	0	0
Na budžetu sam, pa ne jedem napolju više od tri puta nedeljno.	I'm on a budget, so I don't eat out more than three times a week.	puta	0	0
Tom je postao član ovog kluba pre tri godine.	Tom became a member of this club three years ago.	godine	0	0
Čekaj svoj red, Tome.	Wait your turn, Tom.	čekaj	0	0
Vidim da sam bio u pravu.	I see I was right.	pravu	0	0
Jako mi je žao zbog ovoga.	I'm very sorry about this.	jako	0	0
Danas je pao prvi sneg.	The first snow fell today.	prvi	0	0
Marija je rasipnik kada je u pitanju novac.	Mary is a spendthrift when it comes to money.	novac	0	0
Tom je dovoljno mudar da ne uradi nešto tako.	Tom is wise enough not to do such a thing.	dovoljno	0	0
Imam puno planiranih stvari za sutra.	I have a lot of stuff planned for tomorrow.	sutra	0	0
Izvini, nisam ispratio.	Sorry, I don't follow.	izvini	0	0
Moj francuski i dalje nije baš dobar.	My French is still not very good.	dalje	0	0
Zgurali su se zajedno.	They squeezed together.	zajedno	0	0
Znati samog sebe je jako teško.	To know oneself is very difficult.	sebe	0	0
Ja nisam kao bilo ko drugi.	I'm not like anybody else.	drugi	0	0
Neki od njih su bili i još uvek su u konstantnoj opasnosti zbog političke represije i progona.	Some of them were and are in constant danger due to political repression and persecution.	njih	0	0
Došao sam u miru.	I come in peace.	došao	0	0
Norveška ima dosta starih praznih štala.	Norway has many old empty cattle sheds.	dosta	0	0
Ona predstavlja problem većim nego što jeste.	She is making a mountain out of a molehill.	problem	0	0
Šta imate da kažete?	What do you have to say?	imate	0	0
G. Džekson je naš učitelj.	Mr. Jackson is our teacher.	g	0	0
Bila si zaista dobra prema meni.	You have been really good to me.	prema	0	0
Ova je baš kul.	This one's pretty cool.	ova	0	0
Samo hoću da se sklonim odavde.	I just want to get away.	odavde	0	0
Sačuvaću ti mesto u prvom redu.	I'll save you a seat in the front row.	mesto	0	0
Ti si razlog zbog koga sam došao.	You're the reason I came.	koga	0	0
Dođi ovamo.	Come on over here.	ovamo	0	0
Slušaj pažljivo.	Listen carefully.	slušaj	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	jedna	0	0
Možemo da gledamo Toma u odelu, za crnim velikim klavirom sa dramatičnim potezima prstiju, stvarajući muziku koja je vrlo prijatno slušati.	We can look at a suit-clad Tom at a black grand piano, moving his fingers dramatically, creating music that is very pleasant to listen to.	vrlo	0	0
Drago mi je što si se vratio.	I'm glad you've come back.	drago	0	0
Da li si uradio domaći?	Is your homework done?	uradio	0	0
Slušanje muzike je moj omljeni način opuštanja.	Listening to music is my favourite relaxation.	način	0	0
Šta se desilo?	What happened?	desilo	0	0
Rađe ne bih da budem uključen u ovoj fazi, hvala ti.	I'd prefer not to get involved at this stage, thank you.	budem	0	0
Možete pomoći razvoju tatoebe samo na svom maternjem jeziku.	You must contribute to Tatoeba only in your mother tongue.	pomoći	0	0
Pogledaj ponovo.	Check again.	ponovo	0	0
Ma koliko da je Tom zauzet, nikad ne zaboravlja da napiše mejl svojoj majci barem jednom nedeljno.	No matter how busy Tom gets, he never forgets to write an email to his mother at least once a week.	ma	0	0
Kao bih mogla da uradim to?	How could I do that?	mogla	0	0
Provirila je kroz zavesu.	She peeked through the curtain.	kroz	0	0
Bolelo je samo posle.	Only afterwards did it hurt.	posle	0	0
Nikad nećeš hodati sam.	You'll never walk alone.	nećeš	0	0
Bila si zaista dobra prema meni.	You have been really good to me.	dobra	0	0
Zaista sam srećan što sam ovde.	I'm really happy to be here.	zaista	0	0
Tom je hteo da bude dobar.	Tom wanted to be good.	hteo	0	0
Proveri da je mačka napolju i da su vrata zaključana kada budeš odlazio.	Make sure the cat's out and all the doors are locked when you leave.	vrata	0	0
Umem da pišem veoma brzo.	I can write very fast.	brzo	0	0
Večerao sam sa njim.	I had dinner with him.	njim	0	0
Dođi u moju četvrt.	Come to my quarters.	moju	0	0
Pogledaj koliko je veliki taj momak.	Look at the size of that guy.	pogledaj	0	0
Siguran sam da Tom nije želeo da te povredi.	I'm sure that Tom didn't mean to hurt you.	siguran	0	0
Dođi na sastanak.	Come to the meeting.	dođi	0	0
Proverio sam neke stvari.	I did do some checking.	neke	0	0
Policija je privela nekoliko osumnjičenih na ispitivanje.	The police detained several suspects for questioning.	nekoliko	0	0
Tom je ostao kod nas par dana.	Tom stayed with us for several days.	par	0	0
Bila je to mračna i olujna noć.	It was a dark and stormy night.	noć	0	0
Koliko dugo može Tom da ostane?	How long can Tom stay?	dugo	0	0
Ja verujem u Kajli Minog od 12. juna 1998.	I've believed in Kylie Minogue since June 12, 1998.	verujem	0	0
Da bi se obezbedila efikasna zaštita motora i podmazivanje pod svim uslovima rada, koristite samo najbolje motorno ulje.	To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.	pod	0	0
Ne mogu da pronađem jednu od mojih cipela.	I can't find one of my shoes.	jednu	0	0
Stvarno je dosta loše.	It really is quite bad.	loše	0	0
Mislim da smo možda bile previše agresivne.	I think maybe we've been too aggressive.	previše	0	0
Zašto je ovo naš problem?	Why is this our problem?	naš	0	0
Šta planiraš da radiš ovog leta?	What do you plan to do this summer?	ovog	0	0
Možda ne budem spavao večeras.	I might not sleep tonight.	večeras	0	0
Oduvek sam mislila kako je to čudno.	I always thought it was weird.	mislila	0	0
Том не зна колико сам новца потрошио на ово.	Tom doesn't know how much money I spent on this.	на	0	0
Trebao si da dođeš juče.	You should have come yesterday.	trebao	0	0
Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	mog	0	0
Izgovara se ovako:	The pronunciation is as follows:	ovako	0	0
Molim Vas izvinite što kasnim.	Please excuse my being late.	izvinite	0	0
Probaćemo na vaš način.	We'll try it your way.	vaš	0	0
Siguran sam da ćete biti dobro.	I'm sure you'll be fine.	ćete	0	0
"Da li ti je bolje?" "Ne, gore mi je."	"Are you feeling better?" "No, I feel worse."	gore	0	0
Ko još koristi ovu sobu?	Who else uses this room?	ovu	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	isto	0	0
Idi pravo.	Go straight.	pravo	0	0
Tom je izgledao mnogo drugačije nakon šišanja.	Tom looked so different after his haircut.	nakon	0	0
Teško mi je da razumem francuski kada ga brzo govore.	It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.	teško	0	0
Da smo stigli ovde ranije možda bismo mogli da spasemo Toma.	If we'd gotten here sooner, we might've been able to save Tom.	mogli	0	0
Položila sam svaki test.	I passed every single test.	svaki	0	0
Dođi da se igraš sa nama.	Come play with us.	nama	0	0
Prvo prvo.	First things first.	prvo	0	0
Nadam se da ćete se ti i Tom dobro provesti.	I hope you and Tom have a good time.	nadam	0	0
Čvrsto sam protiv ovoga.	I'm firmly opposed to this.	protiv	0	0
Da, nije li super?	Yeah, isn't that great?	super	0	0
Čuo sam da si se oženio.	I heard you just got married.	čuo	0	0
Imao sam kuče kada sam bio mali.	I had a puppy when I was a boy.	mali	0	0
Da teži da maksimizira sopstveni interes, sreću ili sigurnost izgleda veoma prirodno za jedno ljudsko biće.	To strive for maximization of self interest, happiness or security seems very natural for a human being.	jedno	0	0
Prijatelji, mogu li da porazgovaram sa vama na minut?	Friends, can I talk with you for a minute?	vama	0	0
Aviokompanija će se pobrinuti da pošalje Vaš prtljag sve do konačnog odredišta što pre, ili kasnije ako tako želi putnik.	The airline makes sure to send luggage all the way to the final destination as soon as possible, or at a later date, at the passenger's choice.	kasnije	0	0
Niste odgovorili na pitanje.	You didn't answer the question.	niste	0	0
Izašao je pre par minuta.	He went out a few minutes ago.	minuta	0	0
Biće ti bolje za par dana.	You'll get better in a few days.	biće	0	0
Hajde da ostanemo unutra večeras.	Let's stay in tonight.	unutra	0	0
Vino se pravi od soka od grožđa.	Wine is made from grape juice.	pravi	0	0
Stavio je plavu fasciklu na sto.	He put the blue folder down on the table.	sto	0	0
Додај шта год хоћеш.	Add whatever you like.	шта	0	0
Znamo da si kukavica.	We know you're a coward.	znamo	0	0
Sve se dešava s razlogom.	Everything happens for a reason.	dešava	0	0
Tom nije kao ostali momci.	Tom isn't like the other boys.	momci	0	0
Moja majka nije kao druge majke.	My mother isn't like other mothers.	majka	0	0
U ovom rečniku se napisane 1000 reči uz to da sve one moraju biti zapamćene do jula.	There are 1,000 English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.	ovom	0	0
Ne može se uraditi ništa drugo osim da mu se divi na hrabrosti.	You can't do anything other than admire his courage.	osim	0	0
Kad si imala vremena da uradiš to?	When did you have time to do that?	imala	0	0
Zašto se Tom ubio?	Why did Tom kill himself?	ubio	0	0
Jesi li ikada video jednog?	Have you ever seen one?	jednog	0	0
Tom je zaista bio besan.	Tom was really mad.	tom	0	0
Ova knjiga mi se najmanje sviđa.	I like this book the least.	sviđa	0	0
Tom je rekao da mu je potrebna moja pomoć.	Tom said he wanted my help.	pomoć	0	0
Vreme je da ideš u krevet.	It's about time you went to bed.	ideš	0	0
Dve trećine studenata je bilo na sastanku.	Two-thirds of the students came to the meeting.	dve	0	0
Da li zaista mislite da sam sebična?	Do you really think I'm selfish?	mislite	0	0
Osećaj se kao kod kuće.	Make yourself at home.	kuće	0	0
Kompanije koje provode više vremena i novca na alatima za razvoj, imaju veću produktivnost i veću prodaju.	Companies that spend more time and money on development tools have higher productivity and sell more.	imaju	0	0
Pusti mašti na volju.	Let your imagination run wild.	pusti	0	0
Put do muškog srca vodi preko stomaka.	The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.	preko	0	0
Хеј ти, не бежи!	Hey you, don’t run!	ти	0	0
Tvoje vreme će uskoro doći.	Your time will come soon.	doći	0	0
Žao mi je, nisam zapamtio vaše ime.	I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name.	vaše	0	0
Naše je.	It's ours.	naše	0	0
Dajem vam šta želite.	I'm giving you what you want.	želite	0	0
Nikada nisam čuo priče kao one što ih on priča.	I have never heard such stories as he tells.	one	0	0
Veoma je verovatno da je FIFA trula do srži.	It's quite likely that FIFA is rotten to the core.	verovatno	0	0
Počeo sam da učim engleski kada mi je bilo dvanaest. Tada sam bio zainteresovan za jezike, ali ne u toj meri. Sada govorim engleski, francuski, špnaski i portugalski; dakle, vreme je da naučim latinski.	I began to study English when I was twelve years of age. At that time I was interested in languages, but not excessively so. Now I can speak English, French, Spanish and Portuguese; and so it is time to learn Latin.	dakle	0	0
Nadam se da to nije istina.	I hope that isn't true.	istina	0	0
Veliki dečaci ne plaču.	Big boys don't cry.	veliki	0	0
Za neke čudne ljude znanje nekog jezika se drži u tajnosti.	Some strange people keep knowledge of a language secret.	ljude	0	0
Čoveče, da rečenica je izazvala pravu pometnju.	Boy, that sentence sure caused a kerfuffle.	čoveče	0	0
Hoće li mi neko reći šta da radim?	Will someone please tell me what to do?	hoće	0	0
Tom mi je rekao da neće reći Meri šta se dogodilo.	Tom told me that he won't tell Mary what happened.	dogodilo	0	0
Jel čisto?	Is it clean?	jel	0	0
Kakav je osećaj?	What does it feel like?	kakav	0	0
То је баш чудна нијанса црвене за кола.	That's a really weird shade of red for a car.	за	0	0
Nikad ne možeš da budeš siguran.	You can never be sure.	budeš	0	0
Koji je njegov posao?	What is his business?	njegov	0	0
Требало би да и ми урадимо ово.	We should do this, too.	ми	0	0
Šta tačno pokušavate da dokažete?	What exactly are you trying to prove?	tačno	0	0
Nekako ću naći novac.	I'll find the money somehow.	naći	0	0
Budi oprezan sa željama. Možda ti se i ostvare.	Be careful what you wish for. It just might come true.	budi	0	0
Pitam se šta Tom misli o ovome.	I wonder what Tom thinks about this.	misli	0	0
I dalje ne razumem ništa.	I still do not understand anything.	razumem	0	0
Kako se zove taj restoran?	What's the name of that restaurant?	zove	0	0
Koje godište je tvoj auto?	What year was your car made?	auto	0	0
Mislim da smo imali sreće.	I think we were lucky.	imali	0	0
Čini dobro onima koji te mrze.	Do good to those who hate you.	čini	0	0
Najgore dolazi kasnije.	The worst comes afterwards.	dolazi	0	0
Tom je naporno radio kako bi posao završio na vreme.	Tom worked hard to get the work done on time.	radio	0	0
Ići ću ako idete vi.	I will go if you go.	ići	0	0
Tom je stvarno fino dete.	Tom is a really nice kid.	dete	0	0
Šta ste rekli Tomu?	What have you told Tom?	rekli	0	0
Onaj ko zna da voli zna i da kritikuje.	He who loves well reprimands well.	onaj	0	0
Је ли Том у праву, по вашем мишљењу?	Is Tom right, in your opinion?	ли	0	0
Već sam napisao deo izveštaja.	I've already written my part of the report.	deo	0	0
Ne ide dalje od Glavne Ulice, ali odatle možeš da hvataš broj 31.	It only goes as far as Main Street, but you can get the Number 31 there.	broj	0	0
Ložim se na nju.	I have a hard-on for her.	nju	0	0
Tom je otišao iz kuće ni ne pozdravivši se.	Tom left the house without even saying goodbye.	otišao	0	0
Kako možeš da trpiš tog momka?	How can you put up with that guy?	tog	0	0
Džon i Marija uvek šetaju držeći se za ruke.	John and Mary always walk hand in hand.	ruke	0	0
Šta radiš ovde, dole?	What are you doing down here?	dole	0	0
Oni će imati mnogo više pitanja od nas.	They're going to have a lot more questions than we do.	imati	0	0
U ovom rečniku se napisane 1000 reči uz to da sve one moraju biti zapamćene do jula.	There are 1,000 English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.	uz	0	0
Tek je pet ujutru, a već je svetlo napolju.	It's just five in the morning, but nevertheless it is light out.	pet	0	0
Zapravo sam fin momak.	I'm actually a nice guy.	zapravo	0	0
Veoma sam optimistična u vezi s ovim.	I'm very optimistic about this.	vezi	0	0
Ја сам изабрана.	I've been chosen.	ја	0	0
Zašto radite ovo sebi?	Why are you doing this to yourself?	sebi	0	0
Raznolikost je začin života.	Variety is the spice of life.	života	0	0
Mrtav si.	You're dead.	mrtav	0	0
Ima istine u onome što Tom priča.	There is some truth in what Tom says.	priča	0	0
Ima veze s tim što...	It is related to the fact that ...	veze	0	0
Trebalo bi da vežeš psa lancem da ne bi ugrizao nekog.	You should chain the dog up, so he won't bite anyone.	nekog	0	0
Oboje nismo bogati koliko bismo želeli.	We're both not as rich as we wish we were.	bismo	0	0
Tom bi mogao da se vrati uskoro.	Tom may be back soon.	vrati	0	0
Да ли си престао да тучеш жену?	Have you stopped beating your wife?	си	0	0
Tom je nosio svog sina na leđima.	Tom was carrying his son on his back.	svog	0	0
"Boston Globe" je dao filmu lošu kritiku.	The Boston Globe gave the film an unfavorable review.	dao	0	0
Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	ipak	0	0
Da sam bar znala.	I wish I had known.	bar	0	0
Novi ustav neće rešiti probleme Egipta.	The new constitution will not solve the problems of Egypt.	novi	0	0
Jesi li videla moje kuče?	Have you seen my dog?	videla	0	0
Izaberite jedno ili drugo.	Choose either one or the other.	drugo	0	0
Ima mnogo posla.	There are lots of things to do.	posla	0	0
Ne želim da radim pod ovim uslovima.	I don't want to work under these conditions.	ovim	0	0
Taj tip je potpuno lud!	That guy is completely nuts!	tip	0	0
On je čovek od krvi i mesa sa svim svojim manama.	He is a man of flesh and blood with all his flaws.	svojim	0	0
Moj prijatelj može tečno da govori Hindi.	A friend of mine can speak Hindi fluently.	prijatelj	0	0
Da li ste otišli da vidite Toma?	Did you go and see Tom?	vidite	0	0
Tom nije dobio priliku da zatruje atmosferu ili podrije ljubav između Marije i njenog novog ljubavnika.	Tom hasn't got the chance to poison the atmosphere or undermine the love between Mary and her new lover.	dobio	0	0
Kako je ovo vaša greška?	How is that your fault?	vaša	0	0
Prestani s pričom.	Stop talking.	prestani	0	0
Opasnost vreba iza svakog ugla.	Danger lurks around every corner.	iza	0	0
Trenutno sam potpuno sama.	I'm all alone right now.	sama	0	0
To je ono šta žene hoće.	That's what women want.	žene	0	0
Iznenađen sam što nisi znala da Tom ne zna francuski.	I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom couldn't speak French.	znala	0	0
Mogu li da pozajmim tvoju olovku nakratko?	Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?	tvoju	0	0
To bi bilo odlično.	That would've been great.	odlično	0	0
Bilo je skoro previše dobro da bude istinito.	It was almost too good to be true.	skoro	0	0
Imam jakih razloga da verujem da se moj sin Sérgio Melo danas, 11. Maja 2014. u Nedelju, registrovao na Tatoeba-i kao 20 000 član!	I have strong reasons to believe that my son Sérgio Melo has registered at Tatoeba today, Sunday, May 11 2014, as member number 20,000.	sin	0	0
Podrazumeva se da je među njima postajalo jedno prijateljstvo koje je prevazilazilo odnos gospodara i apostola u to vreme.	It goes without saying that at that time a kind of friendship beyond master and disciple grew between the two of them.	njima	0	0
Teško mi je da razumem francuski kad se brzo govori.	I find it difficult to understand French when it's spoken quickly.	govori	0	0
Nadam se da će se Tom vratiti bezbedno.	I hope Tom gets back safely.	vratiti	0	0
Situacija je bila krajnje opasna; bilo je pitanje života i smrti.	The situation was extremely dangerous; it was a matter of life and death.	pitanje	0	0
Ne možemo nazad.	We can't go back there.	nazad	0	0
Tom još uvek voli svoj posao.	Tom still loves his job.	voli	0	0
Uzmi mi kartu.	Get a ticket for me.	uzmi	0	0
Dobro došli.	Welcome.	došli	0	0
Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	srce	0	0
Ovo nije važno.	This is not important.	važno	0	0
Imamo samo dva dolara.	We have only two dollars.	dolara	0	0
Ručala sam sa njom.	I had lunch with her.	njom	0	0
Moji prijatelju su mi čestitali na mom uspehu.	My friends congratulated me on my success.	mom	0	0
Ko pre devojci, njemu devojka.	First come, first served.	njemu	0	0
Neću da pitam Toma da uradi to.	I'm not going to ask Tom to do that.	pitam	0	0
Ne morate da kupujete novi nameštaj. Sa malo poliranja i farbanja Vaš stari nameštaj može da dobije novi život.	You do not have to buy new furniture. With a little polishing and painting, old furniture can get a new life.	morate	0	0
Tom je takođe prodavac.	Tom is also a salesman.	takođe	0	0
Svi radimo previše naporno.	We all work too hard.	radimo	0	0
Voleo bih da te poljubim.	I'd like to kiss you.	voleo	0	0
Ne brini! Ako mi pomognes sve ce biti u redu.	Don't worry! If you help me, everything will be fine.	ce	0	0
Dobro jutro. Kako si?	Good morning. How are you?	jutro	0	0
To je najbolje od svega što sam do sada čuo.	This is the best thing I've heard so far.	najbolje	0	0
Možeš izbeći mnogo problema ako samo uradiš kako valja već iz prvog puta.	You can save yourself a lot of trouble by just doing it right the first time.	problema	0	0
Ime mog oca je Tom.	My father's name is Tom.	oca	0	0
Dođite da me vidite uskoro.	Come and see me soon.	uskoro	0	0
To je sjajno!	That's wonderful!	sjajno	0	0
Имам клијенте са којима морам да се видим.	I have clients to see.	са	0	0
Znaš li nekoga tamo ko govori Urdu?	Do you know anyone who speaks Urdu over here?	nekoga	0	0
Jednostavno neću da uradim to.	I just won't do that.	jednostavno	0	0
Nije gotovo dok se ne završi.	It ain't over till it's over.	gotovo	0	0
Слагала су.	They lied.	су	0	0
Sve čega se setiš može da pomogne.	Anything you remember might help.	čega	0	0
To je jednostavno bio loš trenutak.	It was just bad timing.	trenutak	0	0
Tom je bio potpuno sam.	Tom was all by himself.	potpuno	0	0
Za neke čudne ljude znanje nekog jezika se drži u tajnosti.	Some strange people keep knowledge of a language secret.	drži	0	0
Sigurna sam da ćeš razumeti.	I'm sure you understand.	sigurna	0	0
Tada nisam tečno govorio francuski.	I wasn't very fluent in French back then.	tada	0	0
Zbog ovoga mi je jako neudobno.	This makes me very uncomfortable.	ovoga	0	0
Šta je uopšte bio plan?	Just what was the plan?	uopšte	0	0
Kupi ovo i ono. Uradi ovo i uradi ono. Dakle, ovako izlgeda biti muškarac i dobiti ženu u svom životu.	Buy this and that. Do this and do that. So this is what being a man and getting the woman of your life is.	dobiti	0	0
Nije te briga, zar ne?	You don't care, do you?	briga	0	0
Tom i Meri će otići danas.	Tom and Mary will leave today.	otići	0	0
Tom mi je dao parče papira na kome je pisala njegova adresa.	Tom handed me a piece of paper with his address written on it.	njegova	0	0
Ne brini, u dobrom si društvu.	Don't worry, you're in good company.	brini	0	0
Nikad ranije nisam probao da uradim ovo.	I've never tried doing this before.	ranije	0	0
Da li ju je Tom našao?	Did Tom find her?	ju	0	0
Ja to govorim stalno.	I say that all the time.	stalno	0	0
Došla je sama.	She came alone.	došla	0	0
Moj otac je uvek govorio da Bog pomaže onima koji pomažu sami sebi.	My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.	bog	0	0
Da li ju je Tom našao?	Did Tom find her?	našao	0	0
Ona ponekad piše svome sinu.	She writes to her son every now and then.	ponekad	0	0
Znaš li kakva je to stvar?	Do you know what kind of thing that is?	kakva	0	0
Život i smrt su dve strane istog novčića.	Life and death are two sides of the same coin.	strane	0	0
Da li veruješ u ljubav na prvi pogled?	Do you believe in love at first sight?	ljubav	0	0
Mislio sam da nećeš moći da uradiš to.	I thought you wouldn't be able to do that.	moći	0	0
Zar ne bi htela to?	Wouldn't you want that?	htela	0	0
Ona retko, možda i nikada, ne ide u krevet pre 11 sati.	She rarely, perhaps never, goes to bed before eleven o'clock.	sati	0	0
Naša škola je stara 80 godina.	Our school is 80 years old.	naša	0	0
Nemaš dozvolu da uđeš u tu sobu.	You aren't allowed to go into that room.	nemaš	0	0
Video sam Markusovu kuću.	I saw Marcus' house.	kuću	0	0
Prošao je tek jedan dan.	It's only been one day.	tek	0	0
Osećam se kao da ću da se srušim.	I feel like I'm about to collapse.	osećam	0	0
To je tajna, valjda.	It's a secret, I guess.	valjda	0	0
Nisam dobro spavao prošle noći, pa danas imam malo energije.	I didn't sleep well last night so I have little energy today.	noći	0	0
Nisam želeo da te povredim.	I didn't mean to hurt you.	želeo	0	0
Jesi li spreman?	Are you about ready?	spreman	0	0
Nikad u životu nisam nosila spavaćicu.	I've never worn a sleeping gown in my life.	životu	0	0
Hoće li budućnost biti poput naučne fantastike?	Will the future be like science fiction?	poput	0	0
Nije lako zabaviti Toma.	Tom isn't easily amused.	lako	0	0
Ni sa kim ne smeš da pričaš o ovome.	You must not discuss this with anyone.	pričaš	0	0
Bila je veoma zahtevna devojka.	She was a very demanding girlfriend.	devojka	0	0
U teoriji, ne postoji razlika između teorije i prakse. Ali, u praksi postoji.	In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.	između	0	0
Nikada ranije nisam probala da uradim ovo.	I've never tried doing this before.	uradim	0	0
Učinio si ono što si morao.	You've done what you needed to do.	morao	0	0
Roditelji ne bi trebali da dozvole deci da budu surovi prema životinjama.	Parents shouldn't let children be cruel to animals.	trebali	0	0
Tom je bio jedini dečak pozvan na Merinu žurku.	Tom was the only boy invited to Mary's party.	jedini	0	0
Устао сам да одем, али ми је Том рекао да седнем.	I got up to leave, but Tom told me to sit back down.	али	0	0
To je bilo nešto što je dovelo do bujice novih ideja.	It was something which brought a stream of new ideas.	ideja	0	0
Ova mašina bi trebala da pomogne da se uštedi vreme.	This machine should help save time.	trebala	0	0
Tom je napustio svoju ženu i decu.	Tom abandoned his wife and children.	ženu	0	0
Tom će znati.	Tom'll know.	znati	0	0
Srećom, Tom se nije ozbiljno povredio.	Fortunately, Tom did not get seriously hurt.	ozbiljno	0	0
Oduvek sam mislio da je to čudno.	I always thought it was weird.	čudno	0	0
"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	uh	0	0
Nećemo da te izneverimo.	We won't let you down.	nećemo	0	0
On je svoj život posvetio ostvarivanju viziju onoga što je želeo da stvori za samog sebe i druge.	He devoted his life to pursuing a vision of what he wanted to create for himself and others.	druge	0	0
Fraza "dva čoveka" će zameniti frazu "muškarac i žena" u predlogu izmene zakona ne bi li se legalizovao brak između osoba istog pola u Austrilaiji.	The phrase "two people" will replace "a man and a woman" in the proposed bill to legalise same-sex marriage in Australia.	pola	0	0
U gradovima, ograničenje brzine je 50 kilometara na sat.	In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.	sat	0	0
Hajde da budemo prijatelji.	Let's be friends.	prijatelji	0	0
Verovatno me nikad više nećete videti.	You'll probably never see me again.	videti	0	0
Ako razgovarate sa čovekom na jeziku koji on razume, to ide u njegovu glavu. Ako razgovarate sa njim na njegovom jeziku, to ide do njegovog srca.	If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.	glavu	0	0
Pretpostavljam da si u pravu.	I suppose you are right.	pretpostavljam	0	0
Sudija je osudio čoveka krivim za ubistvo.	The jury found the man guilty of murder.	čoveka	0	0
Hoćete ovo, narode?	Do you guys want these?	hoćete	0	0
Mržnja je poput pijenja otrova, a da se zatim nadaš da će ona ubiti tvog neprijatelja.	Resentment is like drinking poison, and then hoping it will kill your enemy.	ubiti	0	0
Tom je obišao svet nekoliko puta.	Tom's been around the world and back several times.	svet	0	0
Fotografije prirode i životinja, slikane u potpunoj tišini i mirnoći, su prava remek-dela.	Nature photos of animals taken in complete tranquility and serenity are truly masterpieces.	prava	0	0
Zvuči kao da si naučila važnu lekciju.	It sounds like you learned a valuable lesson.	zvuči	0	0
Bolje razmišljaš kad zatvoriš oči.	Closing your eyes helps you think better.	oči	0	0
Dva metara dugačak živi krokodil je pronađen u stakleniku u bašti u Švedskom trećem gradu po veličini - Malmou.	A two-meter-long live crocodile has been found in a garden greenhouse in Sweden's third largest city, Malmö.	živi	0	0
Grad je renoviran posle rata.	The city was rebuilt after the war.	grad	0	0
Mala devojčica ima lutku u rukama.	The little girl has a doll in her hands.	mala	0	0
Nema puno prodavnica pored mene.	There aren't many stores near where I live.	pored	0	0
Dr Džekson ima dobar odnos prema pacijentu.	Dr. Jackson has a good bedside manner.	dr	0	0
Zašto radite to sebi?	Why are you doing this to yourself?	radite	0	0
Tomovo samopouzdanje je razbijeno kada ga je šef skinuo pred njegovim kolegama.	Tom's self-confidence was shattered after his boss dressed him down in front of his workmates.	pred	0	0
Neki od nas moraju da rade.	Some of us have to work.	rade	0	0
Moj je veći od tvog.	Mine's bigger than yours.	tvog	0	0
Sve će biti u redu na kraju. Ako nije u redu, onda nije ni kraj.	Everything is okay in the end. If it's not okay, then it's not the end.	kraj	0	0
To nije velika stvar.	It's not a big deal.	velika	0	0
Da li biste radije čaj?	Would you prefer tea?	biste	0	0
Govori jasno.	Speak clearly.	jasno	0	0
Koliko sam uspeo da vidim, u ovoj oblasti nema puno pešaka.	There is not a lot of foot traffic in this area so far as I have seen.	ovoj	0	0
Tom bolje igra tenis od svih ovde.	Tom can play tennis better than anyone else here.	svih	0	0
Ne gledaj.	Don't look.	gledaj	0	0
Mrzim žene koje kažu da su svi muškarci isti.	I hate women who say that all men are the same.	kažu	0	0
Kako lepa kola!	What a nice looking car!	kola	0	0
Ovo su mi najbolji drugari.	These are my best friends.	najbolji	0	0
Tom zna šta se događa.	Tom knows what's up.	događa	0	0
Kakav jogurt najviše voliš?	What kind of yogurt do you like best?	voliš	0	0
Moj mlađi brat živi u Bostonu.	My younger brother lives in Boston.	brat	0	0
Pazi se ovde, Tome.	Watch it there, Tom.	pazi	0	0
Koja je najduža reka na svetu?	What is the longest river in the world?	svetu	0	0
U svakom slučaju, nisi u pravu.	Anyway, you're wrong.	slučaju	0	0
Tom je jedan od najzanimljivijih momaka koje sam ikada upoznao.	Tom is one of the most interesting guys I've ever met.	ikada	0	0
Zacrtao je sebi da mora da radi u bašti dva sata dnevno.	He makes it a rule to work in the garden for two hours every day.	sata	0	0
Oprosti mi. Nije trebalo da kažem to.	I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that.	oprosti	0	0
Idem u crkvu samo iz poštovanja prema mojoj majci.	I only go to church out of duty to my mother.	mojoj	0	0
Koliko ste stvarno stari?	How old are you really?	stari	0	0
Tom e pravi džentlmen.	Tom is a real gentleman.	e	0	0
Možda sam i antisocijalan, ali to ne znači da ne pričam sa ljudima.	I may be antisocial, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.	ljudima	0	0
Nemamo vode.	We have no water.	nemamo	0	0
Fraza "dva čoveka" će zameniti frazu "muškarac i žena" u predlogu izmene zakona ne bi li se legalizovao brak između osoba istog pola u Austrilaiji.	The phrase "two people" will replace "a man and a woman" in the proposed bill to legalise same-sex marriage in Australia.	osoba	0	0
Ne želim da čujem ni reč ovoga da se širi unaokolo.	I don't want word of this getting around.	čujem	0	0
Samo polako!	Easy does it.	polako	0	0
Tom je dobio prvu ruku.	Tom won the first hand.	ruku	0	0
Siguran sam da sam već negde video tog momka.	I'm sure I've seen that guy somewhere before.	negde	0	0
Šta sam trebao učiniti?	What else could I have done?	učiniti	0	0
On ima dvoje kola.	He has two cars.	dvoje	0	0
Živim blizu mora, pa ja mogu da često odlazim na plažu.	I live near the sea, so I often get to go to the beach.	blizu	0	0
Radila je toliko naporno da se na kraju razbolela.	She worked so hard that eventually she became ill.	kraju	0	0
Četvorougao je geometrijska figura sa četiri stranice i četiri ugla.	A quadrilateral is a geometric figure with four sides and four angles.	četiri	0	0
Odakle Tom zna francuski?	Does Tom know French?	odakle	0	0
Ovaj je prilično kul.	This one's pretty cool.	prilično	0	0
Tom će raditi ovde još samo tri nedelje.	Tom will only be working here for another three weeks.	nedelje	0	0
Tom se nije vratio kući.	Tom hasn't returned home.	vratio	0	0
Tom je sad van vidokruga.	Tom is now out of sight.	van	0	0
После тога је више никад нико није видео.	She was never seen again after that.	није	0	0
Ne razumem zašto bi Tom želeo da uradi to.	I can't understand why Tom would want to do that.	uradi	0	0
Dosta mi je svega!	I'm sick of it!	svega	0	0
Завршила сам само половину онога што треба да урадим.	I've only finished half of what I need to do.	што	0	0
Tom čita Bibliju po ceo dan.	Tom reads the Bible all day.	ceo	0	0
U teoriji je to moguće, ali je u praksi to jako teško.	In theory it is possible, but in practice it is very difficult.	moguće	0	0
Svi znaju da mi se ne dopada Tom.	Everyone knows that I don't like Tom.	znaju	0	0
Radim na svom projektu.	I'm working on my project.	svom	0	0
Tom će dati otkaz u ponedeljak.	Tom will quit on Monday.	dati	0	0
Laku noć.	Good night!	laku	0	0
Znam tvoje lice.	I know your face.	lice	0	0
Bio sam zabrinut na smrt.	I've been worried sick.	smrt	0	0
Volim da puštam muziku koju su napisali moji prijatelji.	I like to play music written by my friends.	moji	0	0
Izgledaš debelo.	You look fat.	izgledaš	0	0
Jeste li videli ko je to bio?	Did you see who it was?	videli	0	0
Jesi li pročitao neku od Tomovih priča?	Have you read any of Tom's stories?	neku	0	0
Put do muškog srca vodi preko stomaka.	The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.	vodi	0	0
Hoćemo li mi biti jedini studenti koji će raditi ispit sutra?	Will we be the only students taking the exam tomorrow?	raditi	0	0
Mislim da je tvoj plan previše ambiciozan.	I think your plan is too ambitious.	plan	0	0
Policija je privela nekoliko osumnjičenih na ispitivanje.	The police detained several suspects for questioning.	policija	0	0
Tom se nije plašio smrti.	Tom wasn't afraid of death.	smrti	0	0
Tom je nosio sina na leđima.	Tom was carrying his son on his back.	sina	0	0
Tom nije imao pojma da ću ja da budem tamo.	Tom had no idea that I'd be here.	pojma	0	0
Dobre su šanse da ćemo da pobedimo.	There's a good chance that we'll win.	šanse	0	0
Nemate dozvolu da uđete u tu sobu.	You aren't allowed to go into that room.	sobu	0	0
Efekat klimanskih promena je mnogo manje izražen na Antartiku nego u severnim polarnim predelima.	The effects of climate change are far less pronounced in Antarctica than in the northern polar regions.	manje	0	0
"Šta ti se dopalo kod nje?" "Ne znam. Izgledala je misteriozno."	"What is it that you liked about her?" "I don't know. She seemed mysterious."	nje	0	0
Brod se nasukao.	The ship ran aground.	brod	0	0
Da li je to daleko odavde?	Is it far from here?	daleko	0	0
Ne znam hoće li to biti dovoljno novca za mene.	I don't know if that will be enough money for me.	novca	0	0
Šta žene žele?	What do women want?	žele	0	0
Mislim da ću ostati još nekoliko dana.	I think I'll stay for a few more days.	ostati	0	0
Ljubili smo se sinoć.	We kissed last night.	sinoć	0	0
Oprostite nam.	Forgive us.	oprostite	0	0
Svima vam hvala na tome.	Thank you all for that.	svima	0	0
Reč "granite" obično pogrešno izgovaraju i ljudi čiji je maternji jezik engleski.	"Granite" is often mispronounced by natives.	reč	0	0
Само ћу да кажем шта мислим.	I'm just going to say what's on my mind.	само	0	0
Ja sam prilično iskren momak.	I'm a pretty honest guy.	momak	0	0
Том живи на мање од тридесет минута од места где ради.	Tom lives less than thirty minutes away from where he works.	од	0	0
Čula sam da će se Tom i Meri venčati u oktobru.	I heard that Tom and Mary will get married in October.	čula	0	0
Da li imate pitanja?	Do you have any questions?	pitanja	0	0
Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	važi	0	0
Koje su mu bile prve reči?	What were his first words?	bile	0	0
Mojim roditeljima se ne sviđa moja devojka. Kažu da je sa mnom samo zbog noca.	My parents don't like my girlfriend. They say that she's a gold digger.	mojim	0	0
Daj da probam drugog.	Let me try another one.	drugog	0	0
Daj mi još jedan razlog.	Give me another reason.	razlog	0	0
Ko je Tom? Da li je on tvoj novi dečko?	Who's Tom? Is he your new boyfriend?	dečko	0	0
Зграбите га!	Grab him!	га	0	0
Neko te vidio.	Somebody saw you.	vidio	0	0
Opet idemo napolje.	We're going out again.	napolje	0	0
Potrebno nam je to od Toma.	We need that from Tom.	potrebno	0	0
Moglo bi biti oružje.	It could be a weapon.	oružje	0	0
Meri je katolik, ali njen dečko je ateista.	Mary is Catholic, but her boyfriend is an atheist.	njen	0	0
Želeo bih da pomognem.	I'd like to help.	pomognem	0	0
Dragi Bože, ljudima je zaista teško kada moraju da ti skrenu pažnju na jednu ili drugu stvar o tebi, tvojim stavovima ili tvom izgledu, na primer.	Dear God, people really find it difficult when they have to point out one thing or another about you, such as your attitudes or your appearance.	dragi	0	0
Kada mu je bilo šest godina naučio je da kuca na pisaćoj mašini, i rekao je učitelju da ne treba da uči da piše rukom.	At the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand.	šest	0	0
Гледајте ово.	Watch this.	ово	0	0
Mačka je u ovoj sobi.	There is a cat in this room.	sobi	0	0
Reci Tomu da dođe ovde.	Tell Tom to come here.	dođe	0	0
Покушавам да схватим шта је отворено а шта није.	I'm trying to figure out what's open and what isn't.	а	0	0
Želela bih da ti kažem istinu.	I'd like to tell you the truth.	istinu	0	0
Nemojte da stanete.	Don't stop.	nemojte	0	0
Reci Tomu šta je Meri uradila.	Tell Tom what Mary did.	uradila	0	0
Otišla bih.	I'd leave.	otišla	0	0
Samo mi daj tvoj pištolj.	Just give me your gun.	pištolj	0	0
Tom je sedeo na travi ispod kokosovog drveta.	Tom sat on the grass under a coconut tree.	ispod	0	0
Javićemo vam čim budemo saznali.	We will contact you as soon as we know.	čim	0	0
Sva mesta za parkiranje su puna.	All the parking lots were full.	mesta	0	0
Moj muž je izgubio posao.	My husband lost his job.	izgubio	0	0
Napravio si gužvu.	You're blocking traffic.	napravio	0	0
To je nekako bilo čudno.	It was kind of strange.	nekako	0	0
Te devojke su veoma zauzete.	Those girls are very busy.	devojke	0	0
Dodajte još vode.	Add more water.	vode	0	0
Kome si u skorije vreme pomogla?	Who have you helped recently?	kome	0	0
Pošto je poruka bila na francuskom, nisam mogao da je pročitam.	Since the note was written in French, I couldn't read it.	pošto	0	0
Da li se sećaš imena lekara koji mi je spasio život?	Do you remember the name of the paramedic that saved my life?	sećaš	0	0
Nikad nećemo uraditi to.	We'll never do that.	uraditi	0	0
Nemam mnogo prijatelja.	I don't have many friends.	prijatelja	0	0
Tom je umro u snu.	Tom died in his sleep.	umro	0	0
То говори много о теби.	That says a lot about you.	о	0	0
Prevesti ili ne je moralni izbor prevodioca. Stvari nekad bolje zvuče ako ostanu takve kakve jesu u jeziku na kome su stvorene.	Whether to translate is a moral choice of the translator. Sometimes things are better to be left alone in the language which produced them.	jesu	0	0
Ko danas predvodi sastanak?	Who's chairing the meeting today?	sastanak	0	0
To bi moglo biti oružje.	It could be a weapon.	moglo	0	0
Ne znam ništa o njoj.	I don't know anything about her.	njoj	0	0
Tom je tolko bogat da čak i njegove sluge imaju sluge.	Tom is so rich that even his servants have servants.	njegove	0	0
Ваше куче је пробало да ме уједе.	Your dog tried to bite me.	ме	0	0
Zovem se Ićiro Tanaka.	My name is Ichiro Tanaka.	zovem	0	0
Aha, znači to je!	Ah, so that's it!	aha	0	0
Ne pričam sa Tomom.	I'm not talking to Tom.	pričam	0	0
Tom je kupio Meri prsten večnosti kao dokaz svoje neumiruće ljubavi prema njoj.	Tom bought an eternity ring for Mary, as a token of his undying love for her.	ljubavi	0	0
Voleo bih da odem.	I would love to go.	odem	0	0
Stražar je ispred.	A guard is outside.	ispred	0	0
Marija zna da je njeno glavno oružje, predivno lice i mlado telo, prolazne vrednosti.	Mary knows that her main weapons, a beautiful face and a young body, are of transient value.	telo	0	0
Nešto divno se desilo danas.	Something wonderful happened today.	divno	0	0
Šta ja tražim ovde?	What am I doing here?	tražim	0	0
Jezik sile je jedino što oni razumeju.	Force is the only language they understand.	jedino	0	0
Hajde na piće sa mnom.	Have a drink with me.	piće	0	0
Više nismo deca.	We aren't kids anymore.	deca	0	0
Sedi mirno na sekund.	Sit tight for a second.	sedi	0	0
Zaboravi Toma.	Forget Tom.	zaboravi	0	0
Bilo je to toplo letnje veče.	It was a warm summer evening.	veče	0	0
Sumnjam da će se Tom ikad vratiti.	I don't think that Tom will ever come back.	ikad	0	0
Odakle će oni, dođavola, dobiti dodatne mornare?	Where the hell are they going to find extra sailors from?	dođavola	0	0
Koji jezik govoriš?	What language do you speak?	govoriš	0	0
Iako sam bila bolesna, dala sam sve od sebe.	Although I was sick, I did my best.	iako	0	0
Tom radi po celom gradu.	Tom works all over town.	gradu	0	0
Stalno govorim to.	I say that all the time.	govorim	0	0
Dajte mi jedan primer.	Give me an example.	dajte	0	0
Bojim se za svoju decu.	I'm scared for my kids.	decu	0	0
Srećan sam zbog toga.	I'm happy about that.	srećan	0	0
Ma, ostavi me na miru.	Give me a break.	ostavi	0	0
Šta si mi to učinio?	What have you done to me?	učinio	0	0
Krv nije voda.	Blood is thicker than water.	krv	0	0
Recite mi šta je ovo.	Tell me what this is.	recite	0	0
Mrzim školu.	I hate school.	mrzim	0	0
Da li smo spremni za polazak?	Are we ready to go?	spremni	0	0
Да ли те боли врат?	Does your neck hurt?	те	0	0
Šalješ poruku Meri?	Are you texting Mary?	poruku	0	0
Tom nije uzeo ništa sem vode još od sinoć.	Tom hasn't had anything but water since last night.	uzeo	0	0
Ništa se ne dešava ako mu ne prethodi san.	Nothing happens unless preceded by a dream.	san	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	nekim	0	0
Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	би	0	0
Tom je zamolio Meri da se javi na telefon.	Tom asked Mary to answer the telephone.	telefon	0	0
Tom će razgovarati.	Tom'll talk.	razgovarati	0	0
To više ne igra nikakvu ulogu.	It's not important anymore.	igra	0	0
Bili smo na poslednjem mestu.	We were in last place.	mestu	0	0
Možeš izbeći mnogo problema ako samo uradiš kako valja već iz prvog puta.	You can save yourself a lot of trouble by just doing it right the first time.	uradiš	0	0
Ovo je moja sestra, Meri.	This is my sister, Mary.	sestra	0	0
Danas je veliki dan, sine!	Today is a big day, son!	sine	0	0
Zvao sam ga.	I called him.	zvao	0	0
Posle zemljotresa, retko koaj kuća se nije srušila.	After the earthquake, hardly any houses remained standing.	kuća	0	0
Ha? Gde sam ostavio ključeve?	Huh? Where'd I put the keys?	ha	0	0
Šta hoćete time da kažete?	What are you trying to say?	kažete	0	0
Dragi Bože, ljudima je zaista teško kada moraju da ti skrenu pažnju na jednu ili drugu stvar o tebi, tvojim stavovima ili tvom izgledu, na primer.	Dear God, people really find it difficult when they have to point out one thing or another about you, such as your attitudes or your appearance.	tvom	0	0
Potreban ti je jedan od ovih.	You need one of those.	ovih	0	0
Neću da pokušavam da predvidim budućnost.	I won't try to predict the future.	pokušavam	0	0
Dođi ostani sa mnom.	Come stay with me.	ostani	0	0
Pitam se šta bi Tom mislio o ovome.	I wonder what Tom would think about this.	ovome	0	0
Tomu se dopadaju oboje.	Tom likes them both.	oboje	0	0
Volela bih da mi ispričaš priču. To bi bilo barem malo zabavno.	I wish you'd tell me a story. That'd be some fun at least.	volela	0	0
Za koga su ovi pokloni?	Who are these presents for?	ovi	0	0
Takav je projekat naravno zahtevao rebalans budžeta.	Such a project has of course demanded a revised budget.	takav	0	0
Vodite ljubav, a ne rat!	Make love, not war.	rat	0	0
Sva naša deca idu u školu u Bostonu.	All our children go to school in Boston.	sva	0	0
Sećam se nečeg u vezi s tim.	I remember something about that.	sećam	0	0
Poslednji put kada sam otišao na plažu, žestoko sam izgoreo.	The last time I went to the beach, I got badly sunburned.	poslednji	0	0
Sami je pitao mnogo pitanja o Islamu	Sami was asking a lot of questions about Islam.	sami	0	0
Pogledajte ovo.	Check this.	pogledajte	0	0
Stvarno želimo da pobedimo.	We really want to win.	želimo	0	0
Moj muž je takođe učitelj.	My husband is a teacher, too.	muž	0	0
Film počinje u deset sati.	The movie starts at ten o'clock.	deset	0	0
Bojim se da si pogrešno shvatila ovo.	I'm afraid you've misunderstood this.	bojim	0	0
Efekat je bio dosta drugačiji od onog što smo nameravali.	The effect was quite different from what was intended.	onog	0	0
Видео сам Тома како баца нешто на твог пса.	I saw Tom throw something at your dog.	како	0	0
Svako zna.	Everybody knows.	svako	0	0
Nemam reči.	Words fail me.	reči	0	0
Tom je pisao po zemlji štapom.	Tom wrote on the ground with a stick.	zemlji	0	0
Tom je na putu na ovamo.	Tom is on his way over.	putu	0	0
Не кувам добро.	I don't cook well.	добро	0	0
Морали смо да чекамо преко три сата.	We had to wait over three hours.	смо	0	0
Zvaću ih sutra kada se vratim.	I'll call them tomorrow when I come back.	vratim	0	0
Metak je prošao kroz njegovo telo.	The bullet went through his body.	njegovo	0	0
Ako ne razumeš, moraš da kažeš to.	If you don't understand, you need to say so.	razumeš	0	0
Tom me je pitao da li sam uopšte spavao sinoć.	Tom asked me if I had slept at all last night.	pitao	0	0
To je bio smešan film.	That was a funny movie.	film	0	0
Tom radi kao kelner, ali traži bolji posao.	Tom is working as a waiter, but he's looking for a better job.	traži	0	0
Neki religiozni ljudi mogu da budu jako osuđujući.	Some religious people can be very judgmental.	budu	0	0
Porodica je večerala u podne.	The family had its dinner at noon.	porodica	0	0
Šta sam rekô, brate?	What did I say, man?	brate	0	0
Ko je ostavio otvorena vrata?	Who left the door open?	ostavio	0	0
Javićemo vam čim budemo saznali.	We will contact you as soon as we know.	budemo	0	0
Svi muškarci su isti.	Men are all the same.	isti	0	0
Tom će možda morati da ostane ovde nekoliko dana.	Tom might have to stay here for a couple of days.	morati	0	0
Kakve probleme imaš?	What kind of problems do you have?	kakve	0	0
Svakog koga upoznaš vodi bitku, o kojoj ti ne znaš ništa. Budi ljubazan. Uvek.	Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always.	svakog	0	0
Tom je kupio šal svojoj majci.	Tom bought a shawl for his mother.	svojoj	0	0
Ja sam jedina koja može to.	I'm the only one who can do that.	jedina	0	0
To je baš ono što je doktor naručio.	That's just what the doctor ordered.	doktor	0	0
Ne čuješ često da je neko kupio šešir za hiljadu dolara.	It's not very often that someone buys a thousand dollar hat.	čuješ	0	0
Anatomski implanti za grudi, međutim, takođe mogu da dovedu do deformacije oblika grudi ako rotiraju na bok.	Anatomical breast implants, however, can also deform the shape of the breast if they rotate sideways.	bok	0	0
Nema razloga za paniku.	There's no reason to panic.	razloga	0	0
Da bi se obezbedila efikasna zaštita motora i podmazivanje pod svim uslovima rada, koristite samo najbolje motorno ulje.	To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.	svim	0	0
Pao sam na zemlju.	I fell to the ground.	zemlju	0	0
Smiri se. U čemu je problem?	Calm down. What's the problem?	smiri	0	0
Eto šta se događa	That's what's going on.	eto	0	0
Tomova dva druga su poginula u nesreći, a i on sam polako klizi ka smrti.	Tom's two mates died in an accident, and he himself is slowly heading towards death.	druga	0	0
Hajdemo u bar sada.	Let's go to the bar now.	hajdemo	0	0
Svi su ostali.	Everybody stayed.	ostali	0	0
Pokušao sam da budem agresivan.	I tried to be aggressive.	pokušao	0	0
Majka se prva budi ujutru.	Mother is the first to wake up in the morning.	prva	0	0
Ostavi me na miru!	Leave me alone!	miru	0	0
Ne možeš tek tako da odeš.	You can't just go.	odeš	0	0
Polako su se pomerali napred.	They moved ahead slowly.	napred	0	0
Повредићеш се ако не будеш била пажљива.	You're going to get hurt if you're not careful.	ако	0	0
Očigledno je u pitanju greška u kucanju.	It's obviously a typo.	pitanju	0	0
У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	као	0	0
U životu postoje usponi i padovi.	In life there are ups and downs.	postoje	0	0
Dragi Bože, ljudima je zaista teško kada moraju da ti skrenu pažnju na jednu ili drugu stvar o tebi, tvojim stavovima ili tvom izgledu, na primer.	Dear God, people really find it difficult when they have to point out one thing or another about you, such as your attitudes or your appearance.	drugu	0	0
Tom me je pitao da li sam našao ono što sam tražio.	Tom asked me if I found what I was looking for.	tražio	0	0
Nije mogao da razume nešto mnogo od onoga šta su oni rekli jedno drugom.	He couldn't understand much of what they said to each other.	drugom	0	0
Previše sam zauzet na poslu.	I'm too busy at work.	poslu	0	0
Већ сам потписао све документе.	I've already signed all the documents.	све	0	0
Otvori.	Open up.	otvori	0	0
Koje te oko boli?	Which eye is hurting you?	boli	0	0
Tom je rekao da neće da nas čeka.	Tom said he wouldn't wait for us.	čeka	0	0
Imamo vašu veličinu, ali ne u toj boji.	We have your size, but not in that color.	vašu	0	0
Zašto si još budna? Treba da ideš u krevet.	Why are you still up? You should get to bed.	krevet	0	0
Hoćeš li pozvati tog svestranog momka, našeg poznanika iz Bergena?	Are you going to call that versatile guy, our casual acquaintance from Bergen?	našeg	0	0
Велика је вероватноћа да ће сутра падати киша.	Tomorrow there's a high probability it will rain.	ће	0	0
Sve ostalo je nevažno.	The rest doesn't matter.	ostalo	0	0
Imaš dobre instikte.	You have good instincts.	dobre	0	0
Nikoga ne zanima šta će se dogoditi sa Tomom.	Nobody cares what happens to Tom.	nikoga	0	0
Kao u stara lepa vremena.	This is just like old times.	lepa	0	0
Tom nije uspeo da iznese nijedan dokaz koji bi podržao njegovu izjavu.	Tom was unable to produce any evidence to support his statement.	njegovu	0	0
Nastavi da kopaš.	Continue digging.	nastavi	0	0
Погледај овде слике.	Take a look at these pictures.	овде	0	0
Lud!	Crazy!	lud	0	0
Ne zabavljaš se ni sa kim, zar ne?	You don't date, do you?	kim	0	0
Izveo je Džejn na večeru.	He took Jane out for dinner.	večeru	0	0
Да ли сте видели неког тамо?	Did you see anybody there?	сте	0	0
Da li si već čula da se on konačno vratio kući?	Have you heard already that he has finally returned home?	konačno	0	0
Hoćeš li uzeti to?	Will you take that?	uzeti	0	0
Gde je Tom, za ime sveta?	Where on earth is Tom?	sveta	0	0
I živeli su srećno do kraja života.	And they all lived happily ever after.	kraja	0	0
Tom obično dolazi u školu pre bilo kog drugog studenta iz odeljenja.	Tom usually gets to school earlier than any other student in his class.	obično	0	0
Studenti nisu znali kako da odgovore.	The students didn't know how they should answer.	znali	0	0
Ja sam u tvojim rukama.	I'm in your hands.	tvojim	0	0
Pogrešila sam jutros.	I was off this morning.	jutros	0	0
Spremna sam.	I'm prepared.	spremna	0	0
Jedva čekam ponedeljak.	I can't wait until Monday.	jedva	0	0
Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	boga	0	0
Mislim da je to skroz smešno.	I think it's absolutely ridiculous.	smešno	0	0
Tom često koristi tu reč.	Tom uses that word a lot.	koristi	0	0
Peške ili biciklom ideš u školu?	Do you go to school on foot or by bicycle?	školu	0	0
Niko ne zna šta se zbiva iza tih vrata.	Nobody knows what goes on behind those doors.	tih	0	0
Tom piše svoju novu knjigu.	Tom is writing a new book.	piše	0	0
Opasnost vreba na svakom ćošku.	Danger lurks around every corner.	svakom	0	0
On je čovek od krvi i mesa sa svim svojim manama.	He is a man of flesh and blood with all his flaws.	krvi	0	0
Faksom sam poslao mapu Tomu.	I faxed a map to Tom.	poslao	0	0
Ne mogu da verujem da nisi prepoznao rođenog brata.	I can't believe you didn't recognize your own brother.	brata	0	0
Ne zanima me sport.	Sport doesn't interest me.	zanima	0	0
"Bolje je umreti na nogama nego živeti na kolenima." "Zašto si onda i dalje živ?"	"It's better to die on your feet than to live on your knees." "Then why are you still alive?"	živ	0	0
Dali su vode njihovim konjima.	They gave their horses water.	dali	0	0
Vozi brže.	Drive faster.	brže	0	0
Nisam jedina kojoj se taj film nije dopao.	It wasn't just me who didn't like that movie.	kojoj	0	0
Očigledno je da je Tom bolestan.	Tom is obviously sick.	očigledno	0	0
Tom je počeo da se opušta.	Tom began to relax.	počeo	0	0
Ono što smo imali je bilo posebno.	What we had was special.	posebno	0	0
Ispričaj nam priču o duhovima.	Tell us a ghost story.	priču	0	0
Svakako.	Of course.	svakako	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	niti	0	0
Pretpostavljam da već znaš odgovor na to.	I'm guessing you already know the answer to that.	odgovor	0	0
Hoćemo u Boston i Čikago.	We want to go to Boston and Chicago.	hoćemo	0	0
Није се тако десило.	That isn't the way it happened.	тако	0	0
Jesi li zaboravio da zaključaš vrata sinoć?	Did you forget to lock the door last night?	zaboravio	0	0
Idite razgovarajte sa Tomom.	Go and talk to Tom.	idite	0	0
Kad sam shvatio da sam najvažnije izostavio iz govora, već je bilo prekasno.	I discovered too late that I left out the most important part of my speech.	shvatio	0	0
Dođi i pomozi mi.	Come and help me.	pomozi	0	0
Mora da je to nova funkcija.	It must be a new feature.	nova	0	0
Cilj nije da se utiče na trenutnu proizvodnju nafte, već da se zamrači energetska budućnost te zemlje.	The goal is not to affect current oil production, but to obscure that country's energy future.	zemlje	0	0
Tomu je strašno dosadno.	Tom is bored stiff.	strašno	0	0
Šta će se dogoditi sledeći put?	What happens next time?	sledeći	0	0
Trebaš im da im pomogneš.	You're required to help them.	trebaš	0	0
Dolazim da te spasem!	I'm coming to your rescue!	dolazim	0	0
Predvidela sam da će se ovo desiti pre više meseci.	I predicted this would happen months ago.	meseci	0	0
Tom živi u centru grada.	Tom lives downtown.	grada	0	0
Tom je upitao Mariju da li bi rađe da ode u bioskop ili da prosto odmara kući.	Tom asked Mary whether she'd prefer to go to the movies or just chill out at home.	ode	0	0
Nekad se zavade među porodicama prošire kroz generacije.	Sometimes family feuds extend through the generations.	među	0	0
Tom je barem iskren.	At least Tom is honest.	barem	0	0
Želela bih da razmisliš o volontiranju.	I wish you'd consider volunteering.	želela	0	0
Moje venčanje mora da bude savršeno.	My wedding has to be perfect.	savršeno	0	0
Он ће разумети.	He'll understand.	он	0	0
Jako je teško, skoro nemoguće, da se pronađe stan u Oslu.	It is very difficult, almost impossible, to get an apartment in Oslo.	stan	0	0
Oni su slučajno čuli nekakvu sumnjivu aktivnost u šipražju što ukazuje da je medved namirisao njihovu hranu.	By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.	čuli	0	0
Tom je mislio da je Meri mrtva.	Tom thought Mary was dead.	mrtva	0	0
Sve što znamo je da je Tom kriv.	All we know is that Tom is guilty.	kriv	0	0
Znam tu devojku od negde.	I know that girl from somewhere.	devojku	0	0
Hajde da protegnemo noge.	Let's stretch our legs.	noge	0	0
Kako si dobila taj ožiljak?	How did you get that scar?	dobila	0	0
Biću u svojoj četvrti.	I'll be in my quarters.	biću	0	0
Dobri ste prema svima.	You're nice to everyone.	dobri	0	0
Jebi se!	Fuck you!	jebi	0	0
Imao sam sreće, što sam preživeo nesreću.	I'm fortunate to have survived the accident.	sreće	0	0
Evo malo dobrih vesti.	Here's some good news.	vesti	0	0
Verovatno me nikada više nećete videti.	You'll probably never see me again.	nećete	0	0
Sasvim nam je dobro.	We're doing just fine.	sasvim	0	0
I da sam bogata, ne bih mu dala pare.	Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give him money.	dala	0	0
Tom danas nosi plavi džemper.	Tom is wearing a blue sweater today.	nosi	0	0
Čekam na svoj red.	I am waiting my turn.	red	0	0
Udala se za njega prošle godine.	She married him last year.	prošle	0	0
Tu knjigu ćeš pronaći u biblioteci.	You'll find the book in the library.	pronaći	0	0
Možemo da uštedimo malo vremena ako uradimo ono što predlaže Tom.	We can save a little time if we do what Tom suggests.	uradimo	0	0
Deca su bila nasrnula jedna na drugo, tako da su roditelji morali da se umešaju.	The kids fought with each other, so the parents had to intervene.	roditelji	0	0
Imam istu želju da odem u inostranstvo na godinu dana na usavršavanje.	I have the same desire to take a year abroad to study.	godinu	0	0
Slušajte.	Listen.	slušajte	0	0
Grad je bio uništen tokom rata.	The city was destroyed during the war.	tokom	0	0
Ovde je nekad bilo mirno.	It used to be peaceful here.	nekad	0	0
Mnogi bi rado bili motivisana, kreativna, misleća bića, samo ako bi dobili tu šansu.	Many people would like to be motivated, innovative, thinking beings if they could only get the opportunity.	dobili	0	0
Nisam bio baš impresioniran time.	I wasn't very impressed by that.	time	0	0
I to je bilo samo uz velike muke.	And it was only with great difficulty.	velike	0	0
Vraćam se kasno.	I'll be back late.	kasno	0	0
Prevođenje nije ni blizu tako lako kako mnogi ljudi misle.	Translating is not nearly as easy as many people might think.	misle	0	0
Tom pokaza ka nebu.	Tom pointed to the sky.	ka	0	0
Kako je prošlo, Tome?	How did it go, Tom?	prošlo	0	0
Da li voliš tvoju majku?	Do you love your mother?	majku	0	0
Moji prijatelju su mi čestitali na mom uspehu.	My friends congratulated me on my success.	prijatelju	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	iskreno	0	0
Siguran sam da postoji bolji način da se to uradi.	I'm sure there's a better way to do that.	bolji	0	0
Trenutno živim u Bostonu.	I currently live in Boston.	trenutno	0	0
Tom često koristi tu reč.	Tom uses that word a lot.	često	0	0
Inače, koja je tvoja adresa?	By the way, what's your address?	inače	0	0
Kupujem mnogo stvari u toj prodavnici.	I buy a lot of stuff at that store.	toj	0	0
Jedan čovek je uhapšen i optužen za namerno ubistvo iz nehata 25-godišnje Marije Tomson.	One man has been arrested and charged with the voluntary manslaughter of 25-year-old Mary Tomson.	ubistvo	0	0
„Ne mogu da nađem Toma.‟ „Probaj da ga pozoveš.‟	"I can't find Tom." "Try ringing him."	nađem	0	0
Trenutno živim u Bostonu.	I currently live in Boston.	živim	0	0
Nikad nije zabavno kad izgubiš.	It's never fun to lose.	zabavno	0	0
Volim da te gledam dok igraš.	I love watching you dance.	gledam	0	0
Šta ste obojica uradili?	What did both of you do?	uradili	0	0
Moj ujak ima veliku porodicu.	My uncle has a large family.	porodicu	0	0
Tom čuva dovoljno novca zabodenog u čarapi za vožnju taksijem do kuće kada izlazi da pije.	Tom keeps enough money for a taxi fare home tucked in his sock when he goes out drinking.	izlazi	0	0
Našla sam mu knjigu.	I found him the book.	našla	0	0
Stari ljudi često pričaju sami sa sobom.	Old people often talk to themselves.	sobom	0	0
Tom je postao član ovog kluba pre tri godine.	Tom became a member of this club three years ago.	postao	0	0
Tom je stigao jutros.	Tom arrived this morning.	stigao	0	0
Tom i ja smo bliski prijatelji već godinama.	Tom and I have been close friends for years now.	godinama	0	0
Ti si razlog zbog kojeg sam došao.	You're the reason I came.	kojeg	0	0
Danas je tvojoj ćerki rođendan.	Today is your daughter's birthday.	tvojoj	0	0
Tom je sam pojeo celu kutiju čokolada.	Tom ate a whole box of chocolates by himself.	celu	0	0
Neki od mojih prijatelj puše.	Some of my friends smoke.	mojih	0	0
Sve stvari moraju proći.	All things must pass.	moraju	0	0
Tom je imao svoju priliku.	Tom has had his chance.	priliku	0	0
Morala sam da donesem neke teške odluke.	I've had to make some tough choices.	morala	0	0
Obrati pažnju na školska pravila.	You should observe the school rules.	pravila	0	0
Molim te, požuri.	Please hurry.	požuri	0	0
Jesmo li u nevolji?	Are we in trouble?	jesmo	0	0
Nemoguće je reći sa sigurnošću.	It's impossible to tell for certain.	nemoguće	0	0
Hoćeš li da razgovaraš sa Tomom umesto mene?	Would you talk to Tom for me?	umesto	0	0
Kakve su ti bile ocene u srednjoj školi?	What were your grades like in high school?	školi	0	0
Sad je vreme da deca idu u krevet.	It is time for kids to go to sleep.	idu	0	0
Svi su napolju.	Everyone's out.	napolju	0	0
Danas su stvari veoma drugačije.	Things are very different today.	drugačije	0	0
Da li ste sigurni da je ovo bezbedno?	Are you sure this is safe?	sigurni	0	0
A čudiš se zašto ne možemo da podnesemo tvoje društvo?	And you wonder why we can't stand being around you anymore?	društvo	0	0
Stavi ruke na glavu!	Put your hands on your head!	stavi	0	0
Prošlog meseca, moja sestra je rodila bebu od 3 kilograma.	Last month my sister gave birth to a six-pound baby.	meseca	0	0
Na Tomovoj sam strani.	I'm siding with Tom.	strani	0	0
Plivanje je vrsta vežbanja.	Swimming is a form of exercise.	vrsta	0	0
Jesu li to nove cipele?	Are those new shoes?	nove	0	0
Siguran sam da si im potrebna.	I'm sure they need you.	potrebna	0	0
Mislim da je to zaista bitno.	I think that's really important.	bitno	0	0
Shvatam da su oni trn u oku takvima kao ti, ali ovo je samo bedno.	I understand that they are a thorn in the eye to people like you, but this is simply pathetic.	shvatam	0	0
To je okej.	That's okay.	okej	0	0
Budi kući do pola sedam.	Be home by half past six.	sedam	0	0
Neverovatno!	Unbelievable!	neverovatno	0	0
Što te ne ubije, čini te jačim.	What doesn't kill you will make you stronger.	ubije	0	0
Imam loš mamurluk.	I've got a bad hangover.	loš	0	0
Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	miliona	0	0
Juče sam bila srećna.	I was happy yesterday.	juče	0	0
Tom je jedan od najinteresantnijih momaka sa kojima sam ikad radila.	Tom is one of the most interesting guys I've ever worked with.	radila	0	0
Pokaži mi slike!	Show me the pictures!	slike	0	0
Tom je najpametnija osoba koju poznajem.	Tom is the smartest person I know.	poznajem	0	0
Знам да је Том сналажљив.	I know Tom is resourceful.	знам	0	0
Могу да одолим свему, осим искушењу.	I can resist everything except temptation.	могу	0	0
Oni moraju da piju vodu.	They have to drink water.	vodu	0	0
Tom može da radi šta mu je volja, što se mene tiče.	Tom can do whatever he likes as far as I'm concerned.	tiče	0	0
Kako se zoveš?	What is your name?	zoveš	0	0
Zvao si policiju.	You called the police.	policiju	0	0
I da sam bogat, ne bih mu dao pare.	Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give him money.	pare	0	0
Da li veruješ u večni život?	Do you believe in eternal life?	veruješ	0	0
Tom i Meri su otišli.	Tom and Mary have left.	otišli	0	0
Da li je ovaj zub osetljiv na hladnu hranu?	Is this tooth sensitive to cold food?	hranu	0	0
Glavni razlog zbog kojeg deca lažu jeste da bi izbegla nevolje.	The main reason kids tell lies is to avoid getting into trouble.	glavni	0	0
Он носи браду, па му није потребно бријање.	He has a beard, and therefore he doesn't need to shave.	па	0	0
Ne trebaju mi uputstva.	I don't need the user manual.	trebaju	0	0
Ne možete da nas naterate da odemo.	You can't make us leave.	odemo	0	0
Sutra se vraćam kući.	Tomorrow I'm going back home.	vraćam	0	0
Том је био на путу до школе када га је ујео пас.	Tom was on his way to school when he was bitten by a dog.	био	0	0
Potreban sam svojoj deci.	My children need me.	potreban	0	0
Hvala Bogu da niko nije bio povređen.	Thank God nobody was hurt.	bogu	0	0
Hajde da se nađemo na piće.	Let's meet for a drink.	nađemo	0	0
Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	tipa	0	0
Ne mogu da čekam.	I can't wait.	čekam	0	0
Obećavam.	I promise.	obećavam	0	0
Baš šteta!	How unfortunate!	šteta	0	0
Gde ste radili?	Where did you work?	radili	0	0
Mer je pružala veliku podršku.	Mary was very supportive.	veliku	0	0
Ako nalog već postoji, funkcionisaće sistem kojim možete da primate i šaljete email.	If there is already an account, there is a system by which you are able to send and receive email.	kojim	0	0
Zlato je kralj nad kraljevima.	Gold is the king of kings.	kralj	0	0
Pogrešno sam optužen.	I was falsely accused.	pogrešno	0	0
Kaži joj da sam nevin.	Tell her I'm innocent.	kaži	0	0
Naša škola je stara 80 godina.	Our school is 80 years old.	stara	0	0
Tom je jedan od najinteresantnijih momaka sa kojima sam ikad radila.	Tom is one of the most interesting guys I've ever worked with.	kojima	0	0
Tom je izgubio osećaj.	Tom has lost his touch.	osećaj	0	0
Хајде, биће све у реду.	Come on, it'll be all right.	реду	0	0
Ne troši glas.	Don't waste your breath.	glas	0	0
Kada sunce klizne na zapad, lenjivci krenu u napad.	When the sun goes down in the west, the lazy man works the best.	napad	0	0
Juče sam pričao sa Tomom.	I talked to Tom yesterday.	pričao	0	0
Molim te, sačekaj dok ne budem spremna.	Please wait until I'm ready.	sačekaj	0	0
Oni su takođe otkrili da se ista pogrešna procena napravila i u nekim drugim slučajevima.	They have also found that the same miscalculation was made in some other cases.	drugim	0	0
Provalnici su u zatvoru.	The burglars are in prison.	zatvoru	0	0
Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	pokušaj	0	0
Tom nikada ranije nije napustio svoj dom.	Tom had never been away from home before.	dom	0	0
Idemo u školu svaki dan sem nedeljom.	We go to school every day except Sunday.	sem	0	0
On je otkrio novu zvezdu.	He discovered a new star.	novu	0	0
Nijedna polemika nije zauvek završena. Uvek će ponovo isplivati na površinu.	No controversy is ever over for good. It will always resurface at some point.	zauvek	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	nekom	0	0
Tom je naporno radio kako bi posao završio na vreme.	Tom worked hard to get the work done on time.	završio	0	0
Devojčice vole da se igraju kuće.	Girls like to play house.	vole	0	0
Nikada nije trebalo ovo da se desi.	That should have never happened.	desi	0	0
Zubar mi je rekao da otvorim usta.	The dentist told me to open my mouth.	usta	0	0
Jedan student iz Osla koji je falsifikovao svoju diplomu da se upiše na fakultet je bio osuđen na zatvor.	A student from Oslo who falsified his diploma to get into college has been sentenced to prison.	zatvor	0	0
Gladan sam od sve ove priče oko hrane.	All this talk of food is making me hungry.	priče	0	0
Dođi ranije da bismo mogli da razgovaramo o planovima.	Come early so we can discuss the plans.	razgovaramo	0	0
Zar to nema smisla?	Doesn't that make sense?	smisla	0	0
Tom piše pismo svojoj majici svake nedelje.	Tom writes a letter to his mother every week.	pismo	0	0
Tom ima dvoje dece.	Tom has two children.	dece	0	0
Tomu je to dalo ideju.	That gave Tom an idea.	ideju	0	0
To je samo lično mišljenje.	That's just a personal opinion.	lično	0	0
Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	sliku	0	0
Moja majka je umrla na dan kada sam se udala.	My mother died the same day I got married.	umrla	0	0
To je loš znak.	That's a bad sign.	znak	0	0
Imate li jeftinijih soba?	Do you have any cheaper rooms?	soba	0	0
Završili smo razgovor zasad.	We're done talking now.	razgovor	0	0
Hajde da ne pričamo o ovome sada.	Let's not discuss this now.	pričamo	0	0
Vrati se za mesec dana.	Come back in a month.	mesec	0	0
Da li ti smeta ako otvorim prozor?	Do you mind if I open the window?	smeta	0	0
Tom i Meri imaju seks otprilike jednom nedeljno.	Tom and Mary have sex about once a week.	seks	0	0
To je bila velika greška, zar ne?	That was a big mistake, wasn't it?	greška	0	0
Јуче нисам био сав свој.	I wasn't myself yesterday.	нисам	0	0
Pas je beo.	The dog is white.	pas	0	0
Šta osećaš prema meni?	How do you feel about me?	osećaš	0	0
Ne veruj u ono što Tom govori.	Don't trust what Tom says.	veruj	0	0
Svi osim Toma smo su mislili da je Meri kriva.	All of us except for Tom thought Mary was guilty.	mislili	0	0
Kakvo pitanje!	What a question!	kakvo	0	0
Treba li da Škotska postane nezavisna zemlja?	Should Scotland be an independent country?	zemlja	0	0
Dao sam im poklon za godišnjicu.	I gave them a present for their anniversary.	poklon	0	0
Lepa je kao njena majka.	She is as beautiful as her mother.	njena	0	0
Žao mi je što sam propustio tvoj rođendan.	I'm sorry I missed your birthday.	rođendan	0	0
Ne mogu da te izbacim iz glave.	I can't get you out of my head.	glave	0	0
Nemate dozvolu da uđete u tu prostoriju.	You are not allowed to go into that room.	nemate	0	0
Moramo da se vratimo.	We've got to get back.	vratimo	0	0
Zbog laži je upao u nevolju kada je njegov šef saznao istinu.	The lie got him in trouble when his boss found out the truth.	šef	0	0
Bila sam svuda u Evropi.	I've been everywhere in Europe.	svuda	0	0
Koliko treba da dam Tomu?	How much should I give Tom?	dam	0	0
Život počinje tamo gde se tvoja zona konfora završava.	Life begins where your comfort zone ends.	počinje	0	0
Tom čuva preko 80% od onoga što zaradi.	Tom saves over 80% of what he earns.	onoga	0	0
Izvoli, pitaj Toma.	Go ahead and ask Tom.	izvoli	0	0
Moja budućnost je u vašim rukama.	My future is in your hands.	rukama	0	0
Објаснио сам Тому зашто смо морали да урадимо то.	I explained to Tom why we had to do that.	зашто	0	0
Da li se sećaš imena lekara koji mi je spasio život?	Do you remember the name of the paramedic that saved my life?	imena	0	0
Iskreno, ja sam imao samo jednu prednost nad većinom drugih, a to je da sam bio dobar u tome da se stalno unapređujem.	Honestly, I've only had one advantage over most of the others, and that is that I've been good in constantly improving myself.	drugih	0	0
Prestani da gledaš TV i kreni s učenjem.	Stop watching TV and start studying.	gledaš	0	0
Evo jedne male tajne.	Here's a little secret.	jedne	0	0
Upoznao si moju sestru, zar ne?	You met my sister, didn't you?	upoznao	0	0
Mislim da je tvoj rad veoma dobar.	I think your work is very good.	rad	0	0
Mario je kupio mikroskop.	Marija bought a microscope.	kupio	0	0
Tom je zamolio Meri da ga počeša na deo leđa koji nije mogao da dosegne.	Tom got Mary to scratch the part of his back he couldn't reach.	leđa	0	0
Један начин да се унесе витамин D јесте излагањем сунцу.	One way to get vitamin D is from sunshine.	d	0	0
Ne nameravam da ikad više razgovaram sa Tomom.	I don't intend to ever talk to Tom again.	razgovaram	0	0
Osam najboljih igrača su preživeli deveti dan takmičenja.	The top eight players survived the ninth day of the tournament.	osam	0	0
Da li želiš da vidiš totalno pomračenje Sunca koje će ostaviti Svalbard u mraku 20. Marta 2015.?	Do you want to see the total solar eclipse that will leave Svalbard in the dark on March 20, 2015?	ostaviti	0	0
Kladim se da Tom nikad nije razgovarao sa tobom tako.	I bet Tom never spoke to you like that.	kladim	0	0
Bolje đavo kog znaš nego đavo kog ne znaš.	Better the devil you know than the devil you don't.	kog	0	0
Pa, dešavaju se takve stvari.	Well, such things happen.	takve	0	0
Danas je brod bio iznad Srednjeatlanskog Grebena - planinskog venca koji se nalazi na dnu okeana, na dubinama do 4500 metara.	Today, the ship remained over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge - a mountain range located on the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 3 miles.	iznad	0	0
Svaka je komunikacija prevod.	All communication is translation.	prevod	0	0
Bliznakinje su slika i prilika.	The twin sisters are alike as two peas in a pod.	slika	0	0
Tom nije uspeo da nagovori Meri da spremi tortu za Džonovu rođendansku žurku.	Tom wasn't able to talk Mary into baking a cake for John's birthday party.	uspeo	0	0
Svaka je komunikacija prevod.	All communication is translation.	svaka	0	0
Нисам мислио да ћу бити у било каквој опасности.	I didn't think I would be in any danger.	било	0	0
Brod je nestao bez traga.	The ship disappeared without a trace.	nestao	0	0
Ne zovi me kad sam u kancelariji.	Don't call me when I'm at the office.	zovi	0	0
U koju si školu išao?	What school did you go to?	išao	0	0
Prepoznao sam je na prvi pogled.	I recognized her at first glance.	pogled	0	0
Stigli smo na vreme.	We made it on time.	stigli	0	0
Svi mogu da vide to.	Anyone can see that.	vide	0	0
Ovo samo po sebi nije nešto novo za mene, ali je taj par želeo da živi u udobnom domu, što je zahtevalo sveobuhvatno renoviranje.	This is in itself not new for me, but the couple wanted to live in a comfortable home, which called for an extensive renovation.	novo	0	0
Bio sam jedini muškarac u turističkoj grupi. Ostatak su činile arapkinje koje žive u Istanbulu.	I was the only man in the tour group. The others were 7 Arab women who live in Istanbul.	muškarac	0	0
Tom nije lep.	Tom isn't petty.	lep	0	0
Ne obraćaš pažnju.	You're not paying attention.	pažnju	0	0
Dođite ponovo.	Come again.	dođite	0	0
Nemamo drugog izbora.	We don't have any other options.	izbora	0	0
Tom nije uspeo da iznese nijedan dokaz da podrži svoju izjavu.	Tom couldn't produce any evidence to back his statement up.	dokaz	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	naši	0	0
Kupio sam ovu knjigu u knjižari ispred stanice.	I bought this book at the book store in front of the station.	knjigu	0	0
Tom sada upozorava da će volja njegovog oca verovatno biti izvršena u potpunosti.	Tom now warns that his father's will will probably be carried out completely.	njegovog	0	0
Njegova pomoć je stigla u poslednjem trenutku.	His help came in the nick of time.	trenutku	0	0
Kažeš da si namerno sakrio svoju dobru stranu?	You are saying you intentionally hide your good looks?	stranu	0	0
Nedostaje mi.	I miss him.	nedostaje	0	0
U blizini naše škole je autobuska stanica.	There's a bus stop close to our school.	škole	0	0
To bi bilo veliko traćenje novca.	That would be a huge waste of money.	veliko	0	0
Zvala se Marija.	Her name was Mary.	zvala	0	0
Smrt njenog muža je uopšte nije pogodila.	She was quite unaffected by the death of her husband.	muža	0	0
Mogli smo da spasemo Toma samo da smo stigli koji minut ranije.	We could've saved Tom if we'd arrived just a few minutes earlier.	minut	0	0
U poslednje vreme imam probleme sa pamćenjem.	Lately I've been having trouble with my memory.	poslednje	0	0
Policajac ga je uhapsio zbog vožnje u pijanom stanju.	The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.	policajac	0	0
Meri se vratila iz škole uplakana jer su je drugari zadirkivali.	Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.	vratila	0	0
Mislila sam da idete u Boston autobusom.	I thought you were going to Boston by bus.	idete	0	0
Siguran sam da ću da dobijem taj teniski meč.	I'm sure that I'll win that tennis match.	dobijem	0	0
Zaboravio sam uređaj za nadgledanje beba.	I forgot the baby monitor.	beba	0	0
Uđi, Tome.	Come on in, Tom.	uđi	0	0
Pogledajte okolo.	Check around.	okolo	0	0
Mnogo turista poseti Stari Grad svake godine.	Many tourists visit the Old City every year.	svake	0	0
Veoma je prirodno za ljudsko biće da uvek daje sebi prednost nad interesima drugih.	It is very natural for a human being that one always give himself precedence over the interests of others.	daje	0	0
Tom će umreti.	Tom'll die.	umreti	0	0
Још један!	Another!	још	0	0
Probao si nekada?	Have you ever tried it?	nekada	0	0
Pomalo sam luda.	I am a bit crazy.	luda	0	0
Pivo je dobro.	Beer's good.	pivo	0	0
Napravila je pravilan izbor.	She made the right choice.	izbor	0	0
On nije dovoljno pametan da sabere brojeve u glavi.	He isn't smart enough to add up numbers in his head.	glavi	0	0
Mržnja je poput pijenja otrova, a da se zatim nadaš da će ona ubiti tvog neprijatelja.	Resentment is like drinking poison, and then hoping it will kill your enemy.	zatim	0	0
Niko nije gledao.	Nobody was watching.	gledao	0	0
Kako ga zovu?	What do they call him?	zovu	0	0
Firma je mogla da izgubi sav novac da se poslušao njegov savet.	The firm might have lost all its money if it had taken his advice.	sav	0	0
Tražiš li nešto određeno?	Is there something in particular that you're looking for?	tražiš	0	0
Put do muškog srca vodi preko stomaka.	The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.	srca	0	0
Videću može li Tom da nam pomogne.	I'll see if Tom can help us.	pomogne	0	0
Претпостављам да ти то неће бити потребно.	I suspect you won't need that.	бити	0	0
Sve je stalo.	Everything stopped.	stalo	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	takva	0	0
Gubi se!	Get out!	gubi	0	0
Чула сам нешто иза мене.	I heard something behind me.	нешто	0	0
Знам где је Том умро.	I know where Tom died.	где	0	0
Meri je uzela slobodno zbog putovanja.	Mary took some time off to travel.	slobodno	0	0
Sve što je previše glupo da se izgovori se peva.	Anything too stupid to be said is sung.	glupo	0	0
U skladu sa našim pravilima, svi učesnici moraju da pri inspekciji pokažu legitimaciju, registracione papire i licencu.	According to our rules, all participants must present a photo ID, registration papers and valid license for inspection.	našim	0	0
Hajdemo po kafu.	Let's grab some coffee.	kafu	0	0
Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	ubili	0	0
Zbog pogrešnog proračuna oni su izgubili dragoceno vreme.	Due to the miscalculation, they lost valuable time.	izgubili	0	0
Da li bi radije čaj?	Would you prefer tea?	radije	0	0
Meri je izgubila ključ.	Mary has lost her key.	ključ	0	0
Iako sam govorio Tomu da ne otvara vrata, on ih je otvorio.	Despite me telling Tom not to open the door, he opened it.	govorio	0	0
Koju radio stanicu najviše voliš?	What radio station do you like best?	najviše	0	0
Ovo nije voda za piće.	This isn't drinking water.	voda	0	0
Nikad ne možete da budete sigurni.	You can never be sure.	budete	0	0
Mislim da je ovo odličan sistem.	I think this is a great system.	sistem	0	0
Ja sam Tomov deda.	I'm Tom's grandfather.	deda	0	0
Zaslužuješ da ti čestitam.	You deserve to be congratulated.	čestitam	0	0
Vrati se za nedelju dana.	Come back in a week.	nedelju	0	0
Молим вас, поновите?	Could you repeat that?	вас	0	0
Tom je znao da je to loša ideja.	Tom knew that it was a bad idea.	loša	0	0
Kornjače nemaju zube.	Turtles don't have teeth.	nemaju	0	0
Tom je zamolio Meri da se javi na telefon.	Tom asked Mary to answer the telephone.	javi	0	0
Ne treba suditi o čoveku po njegovom izgledu.	You shouldn't judge a man by his appearance.	njegovom	0	0
Budite pažljivi.	Be watchful.	budite	0	0
Božić je.	It's Christmas.	božić	0	0
Ne smeš nikad da se vratiš.	You can never go back.	vratiš	0	0
Тренутно код себе немам документ који тражите.	I don't have the document you're requesting on hand right now.	који	0	0
Ne pričaj.	Don't speak.	pričaj	0	0
Mislila sam da je bilo užasno.	I thought it was terrible.	užasno	0	0
Policajac ga je uhapsio zbog vožnje u pijanom stanju.	The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.	stanju	0	0
Jako sam srećna zbog toga.	I'm very happy about that.	srećna	0	0
Ne ulazi! Gola sam.	Don't come in! I'm naked.	ulazi	0	0
Pokušava.	He tries.	pokušava	0	0
Njegov avion je već bio poleteo kad sam stigao na aerodrom Narita.	His airplane had already left when I got to Narita Airport.	avion	0	0
Hteli su izvinjenje.	They wanted an apology.	hteli	0	0
Definitivno sam imala sreće.	I was certainly lucky.	definitivno	0	0
Neću biti kući sledeće nedelje.	I won't be home next Sunday.	sledeće	0	0
Šta ste vas dvojica uradili?	What did you both do?	dvojica	0	0
Mislite li da je Tom ubijen?	Do you think Tom was murdered?	ubijen	0	0
Majka se prva budi ujutru.	Mother is the first to wake up in the morning.	ujutru	0	0
Korišćenje kondoma tokom vaginalnog i analnog odnosa, i u oralnom seksu je najbolja preventivna mera.	The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.	najbolja	0	0
On zna imena svih svojih mušterija.	He knows the names of all his customers.	svojih	0	0
Tom je uspeo da završi posao bez poteškoća.	Tom was able to do the work without any difficulty.	završi	0	0
Tom ni na trenutak nije pomislio da proba da ubedi Meri da uradi to.	Tom never for one instant thought of trying to convince Mary to do that.	pomislio	0	0
Tom nema takve probleme.	Tom has no such problem.	probleme	0	0
Svi građani treba da poštuju zakon.	All citizens should respect the law.	zakon	0	0
Sigurna sam da će Tom doći na zabavu.	I'm sure that Tom will come to the party.	zabavu	0	0
U našem širokom svetu, postoji nezbroj stilova života, jezika i kultura.	In our wide world, there exist countless lifestyles, languages and cultures.	našem	0	0
Pozdravi prijatelje.	Say hello to your friends.	prijatelje	0	0
Tom je ovaj put uradio bolje nego prošli put.	Tom did better this time than he did last time.	prošli	0	0
Neću pokušavati da predvidim budućnost.	I won't try to predict the future.	budućnost	0	0
Ona troši tri dolara dnevno na ručak i večeru.	She spends three dollars a day for lunch and dinner.	ručak	0	0
Koje je lakše?	Which one is easier?	lakše	0	0
Moja majka nije kao druge majke.	My mother isn't like other mothers.	majke	0	0
Ne bih verovao svemu šta Tom kaže da sam ja ti.	I wouldn't believe everything Tom says if I were you.	svemu	0	0
Mnogi bi rado bili motivisana, kreativna, misleća bića, samo ako bi dobili tu šansu.	Many people would like to be motivated, innovative, thinking beings if they could only get the opportunity.	šansu	0	0
Tom će pričati.	Tom'll talk.	pričati	0	0
Tomove knjige su prevedene na mnogo jezika.	Tom's books have been translated into many languages.	knjige	0	0
Помоћи ћу ти, друже.	I'll help you, buddy.	ћу	0	0
Gde si pronašao ključeve?	Where did you find the keys?	pronašao	0	0
Tom će da ostane.	Tom'll stay.	ostane	0	0
Moraćeš da pitaš Toma.	You'll have to ask Tom.	pitaš	0	0
Ovo su korisne informacije.	This is useful information.	informacije	0	0
Moji prijatelji žive u istoj kući kao i ja.	My friends live in the same house as me.	žive	0	0
Pokaži mi dokumenta.	Show me your documents.	pokaži	0	0
Otkud to?	How come?	otkud	0	0
Је ли сада прекасно?	Was I too late?	сада	0	0
Šta ti ustvari radiš?	What exactly are you doing?	ustvari	0	0
Čekam mamu.	I'm waiting for my mother.	mamu	0	0
Mogu li te odvesti kući?	Can I drive you home?	odvesti	0	0
Она је тренутно насилна, треба је избегавати.	She's violent right now. It'd be better to avoid her.	она	0	0
Sinoć smo morali da pozovemo policiju.	Last night, we had to call the police.	morali	0	0
Mislim da ste sve svi upoznali.	I think you've all met.	upoznali	0	0
Mislim da ću izaći napolje da jedem.	I think I'll go out to eat.	izaći	0	0
Pronašli smo otiske stopala u pesku.	We found the footprints in the sand.	pronašli	0	0
Ponosim se svojom porodicom.	I'm proud of my family.	svojom	0	0
Vratite mi moju flašu.	Give me back my bottle.	vratite	0	0
Hej, opusti se.	Hey, relax.	opusti	0	0
Ova kuća nalazi se na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	This house straddles the border between Canada and the United States.	nalazi	0	0
Ne mogu da zaboravim njene oči.	I can't forget her eyes.	njene	0	0
Nemamo takav primer.	We have no such example.	primer	0	0
Hajde da ne kažemo nikome.	Let's not tell anybody.	nikome	0	0
Prošlog meseca, moja sestra je rodila bebu od 3 kilograma.	Last month my sister gave birth to a six-pound baby.	bebu	0	0
Svi su mrtvi.	Everyone's dead.	mrtvi	0	0
Ženski šifonjer nije potpun bez male crne haljine.	A woman's wardrobe isn't complete without a little black dress.	male	0	0
Svi sem Toma znaju zašto ga je ostavila žena.	Everybody but Tom knows why his wife left him.	ostavila	0	0
Molim vas, imajte obzira.	Please show some consideration.	obzira	0	0
Da li sam te pozvao?	Did I invite you?	pozvao	0	0
Stvarno nema potrebe da radiš to.	There's really no need for you to do that.	potrebe	0	0
Drago mi je što si dobio psa.	I'm glad you got a dog.	psa	0	0
Koliko te dugo boli glava?	How long has your head been hurting?	glava	0	0
Osećam oštar bol u stomaku.	I have a sharp pain in the stomach.	bol	0	0
Odjednom su se otvorila nebesa.	Suddenly the heavens opened.	odjednom	0	0
Tom je jasno stavio do znanja da neće da uradi to.	Tom made it clear that I shouldn't do that.	stavio	0	0
Većina ljudi me smatra ludim.	Most people think I'm crazy.	većina	0	0
Slažem se sa onim što si napisao.	I agree with what you've written.	slažem	0	0
Da li se slažeš sa onim što je Tom napisao u svom izveštaju?	Do you agree with what Tom wrote in his report?	onim	0	0
Kul je.	It's cool.	kul	0	0
Tom mrzi svoju malu spavaću sobu.	Tom hates his tiny bedroom.	malu	0	0
Imaš li stabilnu vezu sa dečkom?	Do you have a steady boyfriend?	vezu	0	0
Evropljani su stekli prednost nad drugim civilizacijama pre 500 godina.	Europeans gained an advantage over all other civilizations 500 years ago.	nad	0	0
Šta mi to zapravo tražimo?	What exactly are we looking for?	tražimo	0	0
Sad sam pomalo zabrinuta.	I'm a bit worried now.	pomalo	0	0
Da li neko od tvojih prijatelja svira gitaru?	Do any of your friends play guitar?	tvojih	0	0
Мислим да може да се деси.	I think it can happen.	мислим	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	ulici	0	0
Opet buljiš u TV umesto da radiš svoj domaći zadatak!	You're watching the idiot box again instead of doing your homework!	tv	0	0
Mogu samo da se pitam da li je ovo isto i za sve ostale.	I can only wonder if this is the same for everyone else.	ostale	0	0
Veteran iz rata ima obe noge amputirane.	The war veteran is a double amputee.	rata	0	0
Dečak koji tamo stoji je moj sin.	The boy standing over there is my son.	stoji	0	0
Prestani da gledaš TV i kreni s učenjem.	Stop watching TV and start studying.	kreni	0	0
Nemamo nimalo hrane.	We don't have any food.	hrane	0	0
Ovaj izveštaj je loše napisan i pun je grešaka.	This report is badly written and is full of mistakes.	pun	0	0
Marija je počela da se skida.	Mary started taking her clothes off.	počela	0	0
Tom želi da radi u istoj bolnici gde radi Meri.	Tom wants to work at the same hospital where Mary works.	bolnici	0	0
Tom prati Meri unaokolo.	Tom follows Mary around.	prati	0	0
To je zaista lepo čuti.	That's really nice to hear.	čuti	0	0
Predvidela sam da će se ovo desiti pre više meseci.	I predicted this would happen months ago.	desiti	0	0
"Mislim da je završenstvo ružno", rekao je. "Negde u stvarima koje ljudi prave želim da vidim ožiljke, neuspeh, nered, distorziju."	"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."	prave	0	0
Ludo ćemo se provesti.	We'll have so much fun.	ludo	0	0
Sudbina meša karte, a mi igramo.	Fate shuffles the cards; we play.	karte	0	0
Dve duše, jedan duh.	Two souls, one spirit.	duh	0	0
На одвојеној страни папира,опишите вашег пријатеља: године,где она или он живи, његов или њен посао итд.	On a separate sheet of paper, describe your best friend: age, where he or she lives, his or her job, etc.	или	0	0
Račun, molim.	Check, please.	račun	0	0
Ostao je trajno paralizovan posle nesreće.	The accident left him permanently paralyzed.	ostao	0	0
Хвала на имејлу!	Thanks for your email!	хвала	0	0
Oslo je prosto jedinstveno.	Oslo is just unique.	prosto	0	0
To je bio samo početak.	That was just the beginning.	početak	0	0
Verovatno neću gledati TV večeras.	I probably won't watch TV tonight.	gledati	0	0
Ti si moje sunce.	You are my sunshine.	sunce	0	0
Reci mi gde živiš.	Tell me where you live.	živiš	0	0
Bio sam jedini muškarac u turističkoj grupi. Ostatak su činile arapkinje koje žive u Istanbulu.	I was the only man in the tour group. The others were 7 Arab women who live in Istanbul.	ostatak	0	0
"Mislim da je završenstvo ružno", rekao je. "Negde u stvarima koje ljudi prave želim da vidim ožiljke, neuspeh, nered, distorziju."	"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."	stvarima	0	0
Svoja kućica, svoja slobodica.	A man's home is his castle.	svoja	0	0
Tom se nadao da će postati slavan pisac.	Tom hoped that he would become a famous writer.	postati	0	0
Moraću da Vas zamolim da ostavite svoj telefon po strani.	I'm going to have to ask you to put your phone away.	ostavite	0	0
Долазим из музикалне породице.	I come from a musical family.	из	0	0
Kada je Tom bio dete, jedina knjiga u kući je bila Biblija.	When Tom was a kid, the only book in the house was a Bible.	knjiga	0	0
Nekoliko stabala je palo za vreme oluje u našoj okolini.	Several trees blew down in our neighborhood during the storm.	našoj	0	0
Došlo je do žestoke svađe.	It came to a heated exchange of words.	došlo	0	0
Gde si naučio engleski?	Where did you learn English?	naučio	0	0
Moramo da kupimo jaja.	We need to buy some eggs.	jaja	0	0
Oni su takođe otkrili da se ista pogrešna procena napravila i u nekim drugim slučajevima.	They have also found that the same miscalculation was made in some other cases.	napravila	0	0
Тому су рекли да треба да помогне Мери.	Tom was told that he should help Mary.	треба	0	0
Tom nije bio spreman da umre.	Tom wasn't ready to die.	umre	0	0
Učinila sam prvi korak.	I took the first step.	korak	0	0
"Gde je Tom?" "Eno ga u njegovoj sobi."	"Where's Tom?" "He's in his room."	eno	0	0
Izvinjavam se onima među vama koji su eventualno uvređeni; to mi nije bila namera.	I apologize to those of you who might have been offended; that was never my intention.	izvinjavam	0	0
Tom se probudio da gleda izlazak sunca.	Tom woke up to watch the sunrise.	gleda	0	0
Tom je slučajno napravljan.	Tom was made by accident.	slučajno	0	0
Bićeš potpuno bezbedna.	You'll be absolutely safe.	bićeš	0	0
Da li obično izgledam srećno?	Do I usually seem happy?	srećno	0	0
Imam osećaj da će da pada kiša.	I have a hunch that it will rain.	pada	0	0
Koliko je duboko ovde?	How deep is it here?	duboko	0	0
Moja deca nemaju svoje lične sobe.	My children don't have their own rooms.	sobe	0	0
Oni su takođe otkrili da se ista pogrešna procena napravila i u nekim drugim slučajevima.	They have also found that the same miscalculation was made in some other cases.	ista	0	0
Baci ih preko.	Throw them overboard.	baci	0	0
Ne želim da igram ovu igru.	I don't want to play this game.	igru	0	0
Ne diraj lava dok spava.	Let sleeping dogs lie.	spava	0	0
Meni odgovara.	It works for me.	odgovara	0	0
Tom je polomio nogu u biciklističkoj nezgodi.	Tom broke his leg in a cycling accident.	nogu	0	0
Jesi li slobodan u nedelju?	Are you open on Sunday?	slobodan	0	0
Danas je hladno.	It's cold today.	hladno	0	0
Doneo sam ove izveštaje da ih detaljnije pogledaš.	I brought these reports for you to examine.	doneo	0	0
Pao sam na zemlju.	I fell to the ground.	pao	0	0
Džejn leži bolesna u krevetu.	Jane is sick in bed.	krevetu	0	0
Je li išta od ovoga stvarno?	Is any of this real?	išta	0	0
Izvoli, pitaj Toma.	Go ahead and ask Tom.	pitaj	0	0
Zatvori prozor.	Close the window.	prozor	0	0
Dođem kad mogu.	I come when I can.	dođem	0	0
Ovo se nikada neće završiti.	This is never going to end.	završiti	0	0
Sedmica ima sedam dana: ponedeljak, utorak, sreda, četvrtak, petak, subota i nedelja.	A week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.	nedelja	0	0
Poznaješ li nekoga ko je položio prošlogodišnji ispit?	Do you know anybody who passed last year's exam?	poznaješ	0	0
Томо, морамо узети такси до станице.	We must take a taxi to the station, Tom.	до	0	0
Da li ste videli njeno lice?	Did you see her face?	njeno	0	0
Ukrao je veoma dragocen dijamantski prsten.	He stole a very valuable diamond ring.	ukrao	0	0
Da li si ikad napisao program za računar?	Have you ever written a computer program?	napisao	0	0
Siguran sam da sam već negde video tog momka.	I'm sure I've seen that guy somewhere before.	momka	0	0
U pravu si skroz.	You're right on the money.	skroz	0	0
Zaista se nadam da se šališ.	I really hope you're kidding.	šališ	0	0
Tomova najmlađa ćerka je njegova miljenica.	Tom's youngest daughter is his favorite.	ćerka	0	0
Mlada devojka je zagrlila Toma.	The young girl hugged Tom.	mlada	0	0
Ima li nekih skrivenih plaćanja?	Are there any hidden fees?	nekih	0	0
Gotov sam.	I'm through.	gotov	0	0
Da li si odlučio šta ćeš da radiš?	Have you decided what you're going to do?	odlučio	0	0
Kojim putem ideš?	Which way are you going?	putem	0	0
Mogu li da uzmem tvoj rečnik?	Can I use your dictionary?	uzmem	0	0
Tom je počeo da izlazi sa starijom ženom.	Tom has started dating an older woman.	ženom	0	0
Trebao si da dođeš juče.	You should've come yesterday.	dođeš	0	0
Drago mi je da si pronašla novac koji si izgubila.	I'm glad that you found the money you lost.	izgubila	0	0
Troje ranjenih, za koje je trenutno nejasno u kakvom su stanju, je evakuisano u Američku poljsku bolnicu.	Three of the wounded, whose condition is unclear, have been evacuated to an American field hospital.	bolnicu	0	0
Teško mi je da razumem franucski kada ga brzo govore.	It's hard for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.	govore	0	0
U prozorskom staklu vidim odraz mog lica.	I see my reflection in the window.	lica	0	0
Ne prilazi mojoj ženi.	Stay away from my woman.	ženi	0	0
Vozi pažljivo.	Drive carefully.	vozi	0	0
Tom je rekao da mogu da ostanem.	Tom said I could stay.	ostanem	0	0
Trebalo bi da pažljivo biraš reči.	You should choose your words carefully.	pažljivo	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	skloni	0	0
Ко је измислио папир?	Who invented paper?	ко	0	0
Deci treba dozvoliti da budu deca.	Children should be allowed to be children.	dozvoliti	0	0
Devet od deset birača smatraju da je Marija najpogodniji kandidat za novog vođu. Ali Tom neće glasati na ovim izborima.	Nine out of ten voters believe Maria is best suited to take over as leader. But Tom will abstain from voting.	novog	0	0
Nećeš verovati šta mi se danas desilo.	You won't believe what happened to me today.	verovati	0	0
Tom je često razmišljao o Meri.	Tom often thought about Mary.	razmišljao	0	0
Jesam li pitala tebe?	Did I ask you?	pitala	0	0
Ona se brine o svojoj staroj majci.	She takes care of her old mother.	brine	0	0
Naseci sir na tanke parčiće ili na male kocke.	Cut the cheese into thin slices or into little cubes.	sir	0	0
To je veoma opasno.	That's very dangerous.	opasno	0	0
Koliko je godina prošlo otkad sam te poslednji put video?	How many years has it been since I last saw you?	otkad	0	0
Oduvek sam voleo horor-filmove.	I've always liked horror movies.	oduvek	0	0
Одмах их је напустио.	He left immediately.	их	0	0
Prošao je tek jedan dan.	It's only been one day.	prošao	0	0
Daću otkaz.	I'll quit.	daću	0	0
Da li bi želio da ideš jahati na konju?	Would you like to go horseback riding?	želio	0	0
Izašao sam iz autobusa.	I got off the bus.	izašao	0	0
Mislim da je Tom ušao tamo.	I think Tom went in there.	ušao	0	0
Donesi vino.	Bring wine.	donesi	0	0
Činilo se kao da znaju šta traže.	They seemed to know what they wanted.	traže	0	0
Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	poslednja	0	0
Kakvu hranu voliš da kuvaš?	What kind of food do you like to cook?	kakvu	0	0
Prekini, hoćeš li?	Knock it off, will you?	prekini	0	0
Mogla bih da te ubijem sada.	I could kill you now.	ubijem	0	0
Neki kažu da ako nagaziš na kišnu glistu, da će početi da pada kiša.	Some people say stepping on a worm makes it rain.	početi	0	0
Том каже да има много тога што треба да уради пре него што може да оде кући.	Tom says he has a lot to do before he can go home.	има	0	0
Tom je potrčao niz ulicu.	Tom ran down the street.	niz	0	0
Tom kuva krompir da napravi salatu od krompira.	Tom is boiling the potatoes to make potato salad.	napravi	0	0
To je tajna, valjda.	It's a secret, I guess.	tajna	0	0
Mislim da treba da pozovemo doktora.	I think that we need to call a doctor.	doktora	0	0
Čime se bavi?	What does he do?	čime	0	0
Pomaže.	It helps.	pomaže	0	0
To ne liči na tebe.	That's not like you.	liči	0	0
Nemam neko visoko mišljenje o njemu kao muzičaru.	I don't think much of him as a musician.	mišljenje	0	0
Sada pomalo brinem.	I'm a bit worried now.	brinem	0	0
Džon i Marija uvek šetaju držeći se za ruke.	John and Mary always walk hand in hand.	džon	0	0
Budućnost izgleda mračno za Edmond Dantesa, pošto je postao žrtva zavere, on je osuđen za izdaju i poslat doživotno u zatvor.	The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.	žrtva	0	0
Treba mi to ulje koje pomaže pri osipu i za suvu kožu.	I need the oil that helps with rashes and dry skin.	pri	0	0
Нећу ништа више да ти тражим данас.	I won't ask you anything else today.	више	0	0
Чујем се с њим с времена на време.	I hear from him every now and then.	с	0	0
Dan je za rođendan dobio figuricu mačke za sreću od kolege s posla.	Dan got a lucky cat figurine from a co-worker for his birthday.	sreću	0	0
Tom voli dobru žurku.	Tom loves a good party.	dobru	0	0
Tom nam je pomogao da uštedimo mnogo para.	Tom helped us save a lot of money.	para	0	0
Можда убијем Тома.	I might kill Tom.	можда	0	0
San... pokušao sam da objasnim Svetom Petru, i učinio sam to na nemačkom jeziku, jer nisam želeo da budem suviše eksplicitan.	A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn't want to be too explicit.	suviše	0	0
Zbog njenih fizičkih nedostataka, Meri koristi štap za hodanje kada je napolju.	Because of her physical disability Mary now uses a walking stick when she has to go outdoors.	meri	0	0
Samo što sam krenuo.	I was just heading out.	krenuo	0	0
Tom je bio jedini dečak pozvan na Merinu žurku.	Tom was the only boy invited to Mary's party.	dečak	0	0
Хајде да покушамо.	Let's give it a try.	хајде	0	0
Lekove uglavnom ne treba mešati sa alkoholom.	Medication and alcohol often don't mix.	uglavnom	0	0
Njihova bliskost je bila tajanstvena, obzirom na to da su se upoznali pre samo tri dana.	Their propinquity was uncanny, as they'd met only three days ago.	njihova	0	0
Šta radiš u ovo doba?	What are you doing at this hour?	doba	0	0
Imam belog konja.	I've got a white horse.	konja	0	0
U budućnosti, mnogi radnici će biti zamenjeni robotima.	In the future, many workers will be replaced by robots.	mnogi	0	0
Al je živeo u Sovjetskom savezu, onom velikom i višenarodnom, u velikom regionu Tver, po veličini jednakim nekoliko engleskih zemalja.	Al lived in the Soviet Union, huge and multinational one, at the large Tver Region equal to several English counties in size.	al	0	0
Nova grana ka Haugesundu će postati glavna efektivna putna veza ka Oslu i Istočnoj Norveškoj za ceo zapadni region.	A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.	veza	0	0
Da li si završio svoj domaći zadatak?	Have you completed your homework?	zadatak	0	0
Том није био мој наставник француског.	Tom wasn't my French teacher.	мој	0	0
Nikad nisam stvarno bio nigde.	I've never really been anywhere.	nigde	0	0
Mogu li ući?	Can I come in?	ući	0	0
Brak je glavni uzrok svih razvoda.	Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.	brak	0	0
Voleo bih da sam ostao duže.	I would've liked to stay longer.	duže	0	0
Nikad nećemo saznati razlog.	We'll never know the reason.	saznati	0	0
Nikoga ne zanima šta će se dogoditi sa Tomom.	Nobody cares what happens to Tom.	dogoditi	0	0
Lepota leži u očima posmatrača.	Beauty lies in the eyes of the one who sees.	očima	0	0
Volim da nosim suknje dužine do kolena.	I like to wear my skirts knee length.	nosim	0	0
Da li je ovo tvoja čaša, ili tvoje sestre?	Is this your glass or your sister's?	sestre	0	0
Moja budućnost je u vašim rukama.	My future is in your hands.	vašim	0	0
Držite pritisnut taster Ctrl i kliknite + za uvećavanje ili - za smanjivanje.	Hold down the Ctrl-key and click + to zoom in or - to zoom out.	držite	0	0
Fino je.	It's fine.	fino	0	0
Muškarci žele da se osećaju značajno.	Men want to feel important.	muškarci	0	0
Ne možete da sedite pored mene.	You can't sit next to me.	sedite	0	0
Ova je još živa.	This one's still alive.	živa	0	0
To je sasvim normalno.	That's perfectly normal.	normalno	0	0
U blizini naše škole je autobuska stanica.	There's a bus stop close to our school.	blizini	0	0
Најсрећнији сам када читам.	I'm happiest when I'm reading.	када	0	0
Mislim da si glup za to.	I think you're stupid to do that.	glup	0	0
Ovaj čaj lepo miriše.	This tea smells good.	čaj	0	0
Jezik Evrope je prevod.	Translation is the language of Europe.	jezik	0	0
Puno si mi pomogao.	You've been a big help.	pomogao	0	0
Том је напунио своју чашу а онда напунио једну за Мери.	Tom filled his glass and then filled one for Mary.	онда	0	0
To je zanimljivo.	That is intriguing.	zanimljivo	0	0
Jedan je senator nazvao predsednika druge zemlje, oficirem stare obaveštajne službe koji bi želeo da povrati staru imperiju te zemlje.	One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.	nazvao	0	0
Kakav je bio hotel u kojem ste odseli?	How was the hotel you stayed at?	kojem	0	0
Tom me nijednom nije udario.	Tom never once hit me.	udario	0	0
Nisam siguran kada će Tom stići.	I'm not sure when Tom will arrive.	stići	0	0
Položio sam svaki test.	I passed every single test.	test	0	0
On nije dovoljno pametan da sabere brojeve u glavi.	He isn't smart enough to add up numbers in his head.	pametan	0	0
Da li ste pričali o meni?	Were you talking about me?	pričali	0	0
Sada je odličan trenutak za kupovinu takvog.	Now is a great time to buy one of those.	odličan	0	0
Jokohama je divan grad-luka.	Yokohama is a beautiful port town.	divan	0	0
Neki od njih su bili i još uvek su u konstantnoj opasnosti zbog političke represije i progona.	Some of them were and are in constant danger due to political repression and persecution.	opasnosti	0	0
Nije mi bilo zabavno, pa sam rano otišla kući.	I wasn't having fun, so I went home early.	rano	0	0
Ona je prijateljica moje sestre.	She's my sister's friend.	prijateljica	0	0
Uzela je pero i pisala adresu.	She took the pen and wrote the address.	uzela	0	0
Zaboravila sam da napišem adresu na koverti.	I forgot to write the address on the envelope.	zaboravila	0	0
Љут си на мене, зар не?	You're angry with me, aren't you?	зар	0	0
Tom ima mlađu sestru Meri.	Tom has a younger sister named Mary.	sestru	0	0
On stalno postavlja glupa pitanja.	He's always asking silly questions.	glupa	0	0
Зашто вам је жао због нечега што нисте ви урадили?	Why are you sorry for something you haven't done?	ви	0	0
Uzmite još jednu.	Have another.	uzmite	0	0
Nekoliko muškaraca se naljutimo na Toma u baru i Tom im je rekao da ga nije strah da se suoči sa njima.	Several men got angry with Tom in the bar and Tom told them he wasn't afraid to take them on.	strah	0	0
Ova rečenica dopušta više interpretacija o kojima sam morao da vodim računa tokom prevođenja.	This sentence allows for multiple interpretations that I had to consider when translating.	vodim	0	0
Al je živeo u Sovjetskom savezu, onom velikom i višenarodnom, u velikom regionu Tver, po veličini jednakim nekoliko engleskih zemalja.	Al lived in the Soviet Union, huge and multinational one, at the large Tver Region equal to several English counties in size.	onom	0	0
Tek smo počeli.	We've only just begun.	počeli	0	0
Gde je hotel?	Where is the hotel?	hotel	0	0
Ležim i slušam direktni prenos sa demonstracija u Oslu.	I am listening to the live broadcast from the demonstration in Oslo while lying down.	slušam	0	0
Mislio sam da je hrana odlična.	I thought the food was excellent.	hrana	0	0
Čuvaj se.	Watch yourself.	čuvaj	0	0
Probudi se!	Wake up!	probudi	0	0
Oprostiću, ali neću zaboraviti.	I'll forgive, but I won't forget.	zaboraviti	0	0
Dođi. Želim nešto da ti pokažem.	Come here. I want to show you something.	pokažem	0	0
Možeš da svu robu šalješ poštom privatnim osobama i kompanijama.	You can use the post office to ship any goods to private individuals and companies.	svu	0	0
Tom se brine da će se izgubiti.	Tom is worried that he'll get lost.	izgubiti	0	0
Cipele su ti prljave.	Your shoes are dirty.	cipele	0	0
Кажи кад.	Say when.	кад	0	0
Sve stvari moraju proći.	All things must pass.	proći	0	0
Večeras se održava zabava.	There's a party tonight.	zabava	0	0
Uđite.	Get inside.	uđite	0	0
Tom će zvati.	Tom'll call.	zvati	0	0
Ništa me ne može zaustaviti.	Nothing can stop me.	zaustaviti	0	0
Uvila je kosu papilotnama.	She curled her hair with curlers.	kosu	0	0
Ускоро ћемо да вам се придружимо.	We'll join you soon.	вам	0	0
Moja šaka je dodirnula njenu.	My hand came into contact with her hand.	njenu	0	0
Tom me je pitao da li sam pronašla ono što sam tražila.	Tom asked me if I found what I was looking for.	tražila	0	0
Volim da te gledam dok igraš.	I love watching you dance.	igraš	0	0
Dozvoli mi da objasnim.	Allow me to explain.	dozvoli	0	0
Možda ne spavam večeras.	I might not sleep tonight.	spavam	0	0
Tom je jedan od najzanimljivijih momaka koje sam ikada upoznala.	Tom is one of the most interesting guys I've ever met.	upoznala	0	0
Рекао сам себи да ово нећу да радим поново.	I told myself I wouldn't do this again.	рекао	0	0
"Da, đus od pomorandže, molim", reče Majk.	"Yes, orange juice please," says Mike.	majk	0	0
Ti baš jesi idiot.	You really are an idiot.	idiot	0	0
Trebalo je da ih ubiješ dok si imao priliku.	You should have killed them when you had the chance.	ubiješ	0	0
Moraš da ležiš mirno.	You need to lie still.	mirno	0	0
Pokušala si.	You tried.	pokušala	0	0
Probaj da ostaneš kul, Tome.	Try to stay cool, Tom.	probaj	0	0
To ti je cela mudrost!	Bob's your uncle.	cela	0	0
Наши родитељи нас никад нису кажњавали.	Our parents never punished us.	нас	0	0
Davno sam svirao klavir, tako da još uvek umem pomalo.	I used to play piano long ago, so I can still play a little.	davno	0	0
Prvi polazi u 17:30 i stiže u 20:25.	The first one leaves at 17.30 and arrives at 20.25.	stiže	0	0
Prestani da brineš toliko.	Stop worrying so much.	brineš	0	0
Betoven je napisao devet simfonija.	Beethoven wrote nine symphonies.	devet	0	0
Imamo ozbiljan problem.	We have a serious problem.	ozbiljan	0	0
Sumnjam da je on advokat.	I doubt that he's a lawyer.	advokat	0	0
Šta ste obojica uradili?	What did both of you do?	obojica	0	0
Da li ćeš ovo poslati kao poštanska pošiljka?	Are you going to send this by parcel post?	poslati	0	0
Životinje ne mogu da razlikuju istinu i laži.	Animals cannot distinguish between truth and falsehood.	životinje	0	0
Vlada se slama zbog spletki oko izbegavanja plaćanja poreza.	The government is cracking down on tax avoidance schemes.	vlada	0	0
Sumnjam da sam jedini koji je primetio.	I don't think I'm the only one who noticed.	sumnjam	0	0
Završili smo razgovor zasad.	We're done talking now.	završili	0	0
Onda je naš rukovodilac došao na dobru ideju i napravili smo odličan plan.	Then our chairman came up with a good idea, which we have made into a great plan.	napravili	0	0
Tom će platiti.	Tom'll pay.	platiti	0	0
Tom deluje pomalo gadljivo.	Tom looks a bit queasy.	deluje	0	0
Tom je danas bolestan.	Tom is out sick today.	bolestan	0	0
Bio bi lud da ostaneš.	You'd be crazy to stay.	ostaneš	0	0
Ne gledajte.	Don't look.	gledajte	0	0
Moja baka je bila ona, koja mi je dala ovaj prsten.	My grandmother was the one who gave me this ring.	prsten	0	0
Ne želim da izgledam kao Tom.	I don't want to look like Tom.	izgledam	0	0
Obećao si da ćeš mi pomoći.	You promised you'd help me.	obećao	0	0
Živim blizu mora, pa ja mogu da često odlazim na plažu.	I live near the sea, so I often get to go to the beach.	odlazim	0	0
Konj se uplašio i pobegao.	The horse took fright and bolted.	pobegao	0	0
Nastavite s kopanjem.	Continue digging.	nastavite	0	0
Moja baka po ocu uživa u ceremoniji čaja.	My paternal grandmother enjoys tea ceremonies.	ocu	0	0
Da li je čisto?	Is it clean?	čisto	0	0
Ne mogu čekati zauvek.	I can't wait forever.	čekati	0	0
Знаш, то је интересантно.	You know, that's interesting.	знаш	0	0
Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	nažalost	0	0
Dajem ti šta želiš.	I'm giving you what you want.	dajem	0	0
Krvari mu nos.	His nose is bleeding.	nos	0	0
Свима је било очигледно да Том није желео да буде тамо.	It was obvious to everyone that Tom didn't want to be there.	тамо	0	0
Pomozite nam da pronađemo ovu karticu.	Please help us track this card.	pomozite	0	0
Olovka kojom pišem pripada Tomu.	The pen I'm writing with belongs to Tom.	pripada	0	0
Svi znaju da se Meri dopada Tomu.	Everybody knows that Tom likes Mary.	dopada	0	0
Nikada nisam čuo ništa slično buci koju je on pravio.	I've never heard anything like the noise he was making.	slično	0	0
Svi su bili jednom mladi.	Everyone was young once.	mladi	0	0
Tom me pita istu stvar svaki put kada me vidi.	Tom asks me the same thing every time he sees me.	pita	0	0
Волео бих да останем неко време с вама.	I'd like to stay with you for a while.	бих	0	0
Lagao nas je.	He lied to us.	lagao	0	0
Dođi da mi pomogneš.	Come and help me out.	pomogneš	0	0
Samo glasno razmišljam.	I'm just thinking out loud.	razmišljam	0	0
Plašim se zmija.	I'm scared of snakes.	plašim	0	0
Pa je njegova žena bila rekla da je trudna.	And then his wife said that she was pregnant.	trudna	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	narod	0	0
Sad smo u nevolji.	We're in trouble now.	nevolji	0	0
Bob se hvalio o svom velikom brodu.	Bob bragged about his big boat.	brodu	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	izvan	0	0
Biće težak meč.	It'll be a tough match.	težak	0	0
Njegova pomoć je stigla u poslednjem trenutku.	His help came in the nick of time.	stigla	0	0
Ljut sam na Toma.	I'm angry with Tom.	ljut	0	0
Propustio sam tako mnogo prilika.	I've missed so many opportunities.	prilika	0	0
Juče sam razgovarao sa Tomom.	I talked to Tom yesterday.	razgovarao	0	0
Voleti i biti voljen je najveća sreća.	To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.	sreća	0	0
Zašto nosiš džemper?	Why are you wearing a sweater?	nosiš	0	0
Mogu li da ti pogledam kartu?	Can I see your ticket?	pogledam	0	0
Vatrogasna vozila imaju prednost u odnosu na ostala vozila.	Fire engines have priority over other vehicles.	ostala	0	0
Na sledećoj raskrsnici skrenite desno.	Turn right at the next intersection.	desno	0	0
Možda će mi trebati pomoć.	I might need some help.	trebati	0	0
Mnogi bi rado bili motivisana, kreativna, misleća bića, samo ako bi dobili tu šansu.	Many people would like to be motivated, innovative, thinking beings if they could only get the opportunity.	rado	0	0
Sunce je zvezda.	The sun is a star.	zvezda	0	0
Ne postoji odgovor na pitanje šta je najbolje, jer je uvek individualno i zavisi od situacije.	There is no answer to what is best, as it will always be dependent on the individual and the situation.	zavisi	0	0
Uvek držim prozor otvorenim dok spavam.	I always leave the window open while I sleep.	držim	0	0
Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	metara	0	0
Nemojte da govorite.	Don't speak.	govorite	0	0
Zar nisi učinila dovoljno?	Haven't you done enough?	učinila	0	0
Moja žena, koja je odrasla u Norveškoj, mi je od prvog momenta stavila do znanja da nije više aktuelno da žena trčkara oko muža po ceo dan.	My wife, who grew up in Norway, made it very clear, from the first moment, that it wasn't practice to be of service to the husband at all times.	prvog	0	0
Nema svrhe samo čekati da se nešto dogodi; moraš odmah nešto da preduzmeš.	It's no good waiting for something to happen; you must take action at once.	dogodi	0	0
Smrt njenog muža je uopšte nije pogodila.	She was quite unaffected by the death of her husband.	njenog	0	0
Veoma je svetlo.	It's very bright.	svetlo	0	0
Ostaje da se vidi da li ću moći da stignem tamo na vreme.	It remains to be seen if I can get there in time.	ostaje	0	0
Možete li govoriti?	Can you speak?	govoriti	0	0
Zvali su me i gore.	I've been called worse.	zvali	0	0
Divim se vašoj hrabrosti.	I admire you for your courage.	vašoj	0	0
Koga pokušavaš da prevariš?	Who are you trying to kid?	pokušavaš	0	0
Tom je vrlo očito nagovestio da želi da odemo.	Tom hinted very strongly that he wanted us to leave.	očito	0	0
Saznao sam o ovom na isti način kao i ti.	I found out about this the same way you did.	saznao	0	0
Kad sam shvatio da sam najvažnije izostavio iz govora, već je bilo prekasno.	I discovered too late that I left out the most important part of my speech.	prekasno	0	0
Ove košulje su iste. Iste su boje.	These shirts are the same. They are the same colour.	iste	0	0
Moj je veći od tvog.	Mine's bigger than yours.	veći	0	0
Tom je preklinjao Meri da ne kaže njegovim roditeljima o onome što se dogodilo.	Tom begged Mary not to tell his parents about what had happened.	njegovim	0	0
Razgovarali smo o tome celu noć.	We talked about it all night.	razgovarali	0	0
I živeli su srećno do kraja života.	And they all lived happily ever after.	živeli	0	0
И даље ниси урадио ништа што је требало да урадиш.	You still haven't done everything you're supposed to do.	ништа	0	0
On je zadržavao vazduh.	He held his breath.	vazduh	0	0
Izađite odatle.	Come out of there.	odatle	0	0
Niko ne može da zaustavi Toma.	No one can stop Tom.	zaustavi	0	0
Da li se Tom vraća?	Is Tom coming back?	vraća	0	0
Prosidba je bila divna.	It was a beautiful marriage proposal.	divna	0	0
Da li ste jeli nešto?	Have you eaten anything?	jeli	0	0
Sve je jedna velika šala.	It's all a big joke.	šala	0	0
Bojim se da si pogrešno shvatila ovo.	I'm afraid that you've misunderstood this.	shvatila	0	0
Ove košulje su iste. Iste su boje.	These shirts are the same. They are the same colour.	boje	0	0
Obe moje sestre su učitelji.	Both of my sisters are teachers.	obe	0	0
Šta tražite?	What're you guys looking for?	tražite	0	0
Kako slatko!	How cute!	slatko	0	0
Стани иза мене.	Get behind me.	мене	0	0
Tom je gladan kao vuk.	Tom was real hungry.	gladan	0	0
Tom mi je juče napisao preko trideset poruka.	Tom wrote me more than thirty messages yesterday.	poruka	0	0
Evo jedne tajne.	Here's a little secret.	tajne	0	0
Tom će ponovo da razmisli.	Tom'll reconsider.	razmisli	0	0
Oktopod Pol je bio u pravu.	Octopus Paul was right.	pol	0	0
Nije moguće pokrenuti ovaj program u DOS režimu.	This program cannot be run in DOS mode.	program	0	0
Nož nije oštar.	The knife isn't sharp.	nož	0	0
Postoji li razlog zbog kojeg čuvaš ove stare boce?	Is there some reason you're saving these old bottles?	stare	0	0
Nema nikog kao ti.	There's nobody like you.	nikog	0	0
Koliko vredi to?	How much is that worth?	vredi	0	0
Vodim te na ples.	I'm taking you dancing.	ples	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	njegovoj	0	0
Njihova bliskost je bila tajanstvena, obzirom na to da su se upoznali pre samo tri dana.	Their propinquity was uncanny, as they'd met only three days ago.	obzirom	0	0
Ljudi se bore gvožđem za zlato.	Men fight with iron for gold.	zlato	0	0
Samo da ne bude ni najmanje zabune da će nas ovo skupo koštati. Ali to je cena koju ćemo morati da platimo.	Let there be not even the slightest doubt that this will cost us dearly. But that is the price we'll have to pay.	najmanje	0	0
Jesi li spavao?	Have you been sleeping?	spavao	0	0
Usput, gde živiš?	By the way, where do you live?	usput	0	0
Том је знао да му је остало само мало времена.	Tom knew he only had a little time.	мало	0	0
Nemoj da dozvoliš da ti izmakne ovako dobra šansa.	Don't let such a good opportunity go by.	šansa	0	0
Том нема пара.	Tom doesn't have money.	нема	0	0
Tišina!	Keep quiet!	tišina	0	0
Postoji opasnost od ozbiljnih povreda ukoliko se ove mere predostrožnosti ne ispoštuju.	There is a danger of serious injury if these precautions are not followed.	ukoliko	0	0
Štedi energiju. Trebaće ti posle.	Save your energy. You're going to need it later.	trebaće	0	0
Šta kažu novine?	What do the papers say?	novine	0	0
Oh, siva mačkice, molim te, ne predi. Deka bi mogao da te čuje.	O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.	čuje	0	0
Imamo devet osoba u mojoj porodici.	There are nine people in my family.	porodici	0	0
Vau!	Wow!	vau	0	0
Uspeli smo da pobegnemo tačno na vreme.	We managed to escape just in time.	uspeli	0	0
Glupi ste.	You're stupid.	glupi	0	0
Trebao si misliti na to ranije.	You should have thought of that before.	misliti	0	0
Tom i Meri izgledaju dobro.	Tom and Mary seem fine.	izgledaju	0	0
Verovatno neću pročitati Tomov izveštaj.	I probably won't read Tom's report.	izveštaj	0	0
Upomoć! Policija! Upomoć!	Help! Police! Help!	upomoć	0	0
Predsednik je umro neočekivano.	The President died unexpectedly.	predsednik	0	0
Ne nameravam da idem u Bustom s tobom za ovaj vikend.	I don't intend to go to Boston with you this weekend.	vikend	0	0
Imamo direktan pristup informacijama.	We have direct access to the information.	pristup	0	0
Ne sumnjam da će on uspeti.	I have no doubt that he will succeed.	uspeti	0	0
Postaraću se da dobije sve što joj treba.	I'll make sure she has everything she needs.	dobije	0	0
Utrnula mi je desna ruka.	My right hand is numb.	ruka	0	0
Он може да дође.	He can come.	може	0	0
Tom je zapisao Merin broj telefona.	Tom wrote down Mary's phone number.	telefona	0	0
Niko mu više ne veruje.	No one trusts him any more.	veruje	0	0
Mislila sam da ćeš da budeš zauzet.	I thought you'd be busy.	zauzet	0	0
Zbilja sam srećna zbog toga.	I'm really happy about it.	zbilja	0	0
Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	zid	0	0
Ja igram hokej.	I play hockey.	igram	0	0
Nije bilo ničega za jelo.	There was nothing to eat.	ničega	0	0
Radna grupa koja se bavi transferom podataka, vodjena od strane Bena Manija, će održati sastanak 14 januara 1999.	The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.	grupa	0	0
Naša škola postoji 80 godina.	Our school is 80 years old.	škola	0	0
Svi osim Toma smo su mislili da je Meri kriva.	All of us except for Tom thought Mary was guilty.	kriva	0	0
Ja sam platio za to.	I paid for it.	platio	0	0
Još uvek pravim greške.	I still make mistakes.	pravim	0	0
Detaljno je opisao let.	He described the flight in detail.	let	0	0
On mora kupiti novi bicikl sinu.	He must buy a new bicycle for his son.	kupiti	0	0
Zašto nisi rekao nekome?	Why didn't you tell anyone?	nekome	0	0
Pozovi mog muža.	Call my husband.	pozovi	0	0
Тражио је да му помогнем.	He asked me to help him.	му	0	0
Prestanite da pokušavate da me napravite krivim.	Stop trying to make me feel guilty.	prestanite	0	0
Treba da krenemo opet.	We need to start over.	krenemo	0	0
Umem da čuvam tajnu.	I can keep a secret.	tajnu	0	0
Mi smo stoga postavili malu prenosivu kolibu koja se može podeliti na dva dela i može da se odveze bilo gde.	We therefore introduce a small portable cabin that can be divided in half and carried anywhere.	dela	0	0
Da li misliš da su igre i učenje spojivi?	Do you think that games and learning are compatible?	igre	0	0
Ostanite pozitivni.	Stay positive.	ostanite	0	0
Sumnjam da će vam biti teško da dobijete vozačku dozvolu.	I doubt it'll be very hard for you to get your driver's license.	dozvolu	0	0
"Kada si legla da spavaš sinoć?" "U 4." "Šta? Šta si radila toliko kasno?" "Pričala sam sa bivšim na telefonu."	"When'd you go to sleep last night?" "4 o'clock." "What? What were you doing up so late?" "Talking on the phone with my ex-boyfriend."	pričala	0	0
Čim završim sa izveštajem, poslaću ti ga.	As soon as I finish writing the report, I'll send it to you.	završim	0	0
O tome ne treba brinuti.	That's nothing to worry about.	brinuti	0	0
Pomozi nam da dosegnemo svoj cilj.	Help us reach our goal.	cilj	0	0
Možeš li da mi daš tvoj broj mobilnog?	Can you give me your cell number?	daš	0	0
Kada se vratio sa dužnosti u Avganistanu, Toma su progonile noćne more.	After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.	more	0	0
Ako izlaziš, molim te zatvori vrata.	If you're leaving, please close the door.	zatvori	0	0
Tom je ispregovarao novi ugovor.	Tom negotiated a new contract.	ugovor	0	0
Mala devojčica ima lutku u rukama.	The little girl has a doll in her hands.	devojčica	0	0
On je otkrio novu zvezdu.	He discovered a new star.	otkrio	0	0
Kada ti je vreme za spavanje?	When is your bedtime?	spavanje	0	0
Tom mi je rekao da želi da postane doktor.	Tom told me that he'd like to become a doctor.	postane	0	0
Ne razumem zašto biste želeli da uradite to.	I don't understand why you want to do that.	uradite	0	0
Živimo u veoma bezbednoj zemlji.	We live in a very safe country.	živimo	0	0
Metak je prošao kroz njegovo telo.	The bullet went through his body.	metak	0	0
Fotografije prirode i životinja, slikane u potpunoj tišini i mirnoći, su prava remek-dela.	Nature photos of animals taken in complete tranquility and serenity are truly masterpieces.	životinja	0	0
Da li ste upoznati sa dotičnim čovekom?	Are you acquainted with the man?	upoznati	0	0
Meri provodi mnogo vremena na telefonu, šaljući poruke i mejlove prijateljima.	Mary spends a lot of time on her phone, texting and e-mailing her friends.	prijateljima	0	0
Ne može se svako spasiti.	There's no way to save everybody.	spasiti	0	0
Svi kažu da ličim na tatu.	Everybody says I look like my father.	tatu	0	0
Tom je postao plseač iako njegovi roditelji to nosi želeli.	Tom became a dancer even though his parents didn't want him to.	njegovi	0	0
Mrzim ćuti zvuk svog glasa.	I hate the sound of my own voice.	zvuk	0	0
Mislim da moraš da nađeš honorarni posao.	I think you have to look for a part-time job.	nađeš	0	0
Donesite vino.	Bring wine.	vino	0	0
Nema mnogo vozova noću.	There aren't as many trains at night.	noću	0	0
Ne ide dalje od Glavne Ulice, ali odatle možeš da hvataš broj 31.	It only goes as far as Main Street, but you can get the Number 31 there.	ulice	0	0
Takvo stanje stvari se ne može tolerisati.	Such a state of things cannot be put up with.	stanje	0	0
Pokret, narode.	Let's move it, people.	pokret	0	0
Uvek ću pamtiti tvoj savet.	I'll always remember your advice.	savet	0	0
Tom je živeo u Bostonu preko godinu dana.	Tom has lived in Boston for over a year.	živeo	0	0
Da li je doručak uračunat u cenu?	Does that price include breakfast?	doručak	0	0
Najveći izazov sa kojim će se projekat suočiti jeste dostupnost radnika sa sposobnostima koje su potrebne da bi projekat doživeo procvat.	The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.	najveći	0	0
Kako biste se osećali ako bi Vas napustila supruga?	How would you feel if your wife left you?	supruga	0	0
Molim Vas, pazite da to ne ispustite.	Please be careful not to drop that.	pazite	0	0
Da li je ovo bezbedno da se jede?	Is it safe to eat this?	jede	0	0
Ne smeš nikad da se vratiš.	You can never go back.	smeš	0	0
Da li želiš da vidiš totalno pomračenje Sunca koje će ostaviti Svalbard u mraku 20. Marta 2015.?	Do you want to see the total solar eclipse that will leave Svalbard in the dark on March 20, 2015?	totalno	0	0
Prošle nedelje smo posekli svo drveće u dvorištu.	Last week, we cut down all the trees in our backyard.	svo	0	0
Ko su ova tri muškarca?	Who are those three men?	muškarca	0	0
Volela bih da mi je to palo na pamet.	I wish I'd thought of that.	pamet	0	0
Olovka kojom pišem pripada Tomu.	The pen I'm writing with belongs to Tom.	kojom	0	0
Neki ljudi bez obzira u kom dobu su, ne gube svoju lepotu.	Some people, no matter how old they get, never lose their beauty.	kom	0	0
Хеј, народе, пожурите.	Hey, everyone, hurry up.	хеј	0	0
Treba da uhvatim voz.	I have a train to catch.	voz	0	0
Predugo su prekoračenja išla korak po korak, kada je konačno izbio rat.	The rules were overstepped one step at a time for too long until war finally broke out.	išla	0	0
Čak ni glavni detektiv kao Tom ne može da savlada sve probleme bez značajne pomoći kolega i saradnika.	Even a chief detective like Tom fails in doing his job, without the huge help of colleagues and associates.	detektiv	0	0
Tom je razumeo to.	Tom understood that.	razumeo	0	0
Moram da otplatim dug.	I have a debt to pay.	dug	0	0
Igra je gotova.	The play is over.	gotova	0	0
Većina naučnika je odbacila teoriju pomeranja kontinenata, jer je bilo tako teško da se zamisli da su pokreti ploča uopšte i mogući.	Most scientists had rejected the continental-drift theory because it had been so difficult to imagine that plate movements were even possible.	zamisli	0	0
Ne kasnim, zar ne?	I'm not late, am I?	kasnim	0	0
Da bi promenio crveno meso, skuvao sam ćureće grudi u sosu od pečuraka za večeras.	For a bit of a change from red meat, for tonight I've cooked turkey breasts in mushroom sauce.	meso	0	0
Trebalo bi da spavaš.	You should sleep.	spavaš	0	0
Tom je probao da odgovori Meri od odlaska.	Tom tried to talk Mary out of going.	odgovori	0	0
Ova rečenica dopušta više interpretacija o kojima sam morao da vodim računa tokom prevođenja.	This sentence allows for multiple interpretations that I had to consider when translating.	računa	0	0
Pre nego što ova odluka stupi na snagu, niko neće ni prstom da mrdne da ovo reši.	Before this decision takes effect, nobody will lift a finger in order to solve this.	odluka	0	0
Sve je opet tiho.	All is quiet again.	tiho	0	0
Troje ranjenih, za koje je trenutno nejasno u kakvom su stanju, je evakuisano u Američku poljsku bolnicu.	Three of the wounded, whose condition is unclear, have been evacuated to an American field hospital.	troje	0	0
Da li su svi ludi?	Are they all nuts?	ludi	0	0
Nemam kartu.	I don't have a ticket.	kartu	0	0
Videćemo to kasnije.	We'll see to it later.	videćemo	0	0
Kratko rečeno, ja se ne slažem.	To put it briefly, I do not agree.	rečeno	0	0
Cirih se smatra jednim od velikih finansijskih centara.	Zurich is considered to be a major financial hub.	jednim	0	0
Nisam očekivao da Tom ume da uradi to.	I wouldn't have expected Tom to be able to do that.	očekivao	0	0
Nađi Toma.	Find Tom.	nađi	0	0
Vest je došla kao grom iz vedra neba.	The news came out of the blue.	vest	0	0
Da li sam dobila otkaz?	Am I being fired?	otkaz	0	0
Drago mi je što si se pojavio.	I'm glad you showed up.	pojavio	0	0
Vrata su se zbog nečega zaglavila.	Something is making the door stick.	nečega	0	0
Ja sam prilično iskren momak.	I'm a pretty honest guy.	iskren	0	0
Posao policije je da sprečava i istražuje kriminal.	The police's job is to prevent and investigate crime.	policije	0	0
Koji čas ti je najinteresantniji?	What's your most interesting class?	čas	0	0
Gradsko veće je izglasalo da izdvoji jedan milion za preliminarne inžinjerske radove na novom pozorištu u Bergenu.	The City Council voted to grant one million for the preliminary engineering work on the new theater in Bergen.	milion	0	0
Ona vodi računa o svojoj staroj majci.	She takes care of her old mother.	majci	0	0
Tom je star koliko i Meri.	Tom is as old as Mary.	star	0	0
Tom kaže istu stvar.	Tom says the same thing.	istu	0	0
Znati samog sebe je jako teško.	To know oneself is very difficult.	samog	0	0
Zašto ti ne možeš da ga dobiješ?	Why can't you get one?	dobiješ	0	0
Tog jutra Marija je obišla celo selo.	That morning Mary went round the whole village.	jutra	0	0
Зар је заиста била досадна?	Was she really boring?	била	0	0
Odavno je nisam video.	I haven't seen her for ages.	odavno	0	0
Želim da umrem sa Getter Jaani.	I want to die with Getter Jaani.	umrem	0	0
Tom je pitao Meri da izrecituje pesmu koju je napisala.	Tom asked Mary to recite the poem she wrote.	pesmu	0	0
Jesi li završila sa pranjem suđa?	Have you finished washing the dishes?	završila	0	0
Kako da pozovem taksi?	How can I call a taxi?	taksi	0	0
Treba da budem ovde celo popodne.	I'm supposed to be here all afternoon.	popodne	0	0
Ti mene uvek lažeš.	You always lie to me.	lažeš	0	0
Šta ti mami osmeh?	What makes you smile?	mami	0	0
Gledala sam Toma kako umire.	I watched Tom die.	umire	0	0
Jebena matora kurva u menopauzi se žalila na mene bez razloga.	A fucking menopausal old bitch was complaining about me for no reason.	jebena	0	0
Šta je veće, Sunce ili Zemlja?	Which is larger, the sun or the earth?	veće	0	0
Hajde u kamion.	Let's get in the truck.	kamion	0	0
Koje su mu bile prve reči?	What were his first words?	prve	0	0
Moramo li da kažemo Tomu?	Do we have to tell Tom?	kažemo	0	0
Napokon smo stigli!	At last, we have arrived!	napokon	0	0
Verovatno je bolje da ne jedeš posle sedam uveče.	It's probably better not to eat after 7:00pm.	uveče	0	0
Tom je ugasio motor.	Tom shut off the engine.	motor	0	0
U tom momentu, eksplodiralo je sa velikim praskom.	At that instant it exploded with a great noise.	velikim	0	0
Позови ме, молим те.	Call me, please.	молим	0	0
Da li razumete šta govorim?	Do you understand what I'm saying?	razumete	0	0
Zima je prošla. Proleće je došlo.	Winter has gone. Spring has come.	prošla	0	0
Tom je skrenuo desno kad je trebalo da skrene levo.	Tom turned right when he should've turned left.	levo	0	0
Tom ima jak nemački akcenat.	Tom has a heavy German accent.	jak	0	0
"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	poslala	0	0
Bio sam veoma umoran tako da sam rano otišao da spavam.	Since I was really tired I went to sleep early.	umoran	0	0
Kako je ovo tvoja krivica?	How is that your fault?	krivica	0	0
Sudbina meša karte, a mi igramo.	Fate shuffles the cards; we play.	igramo	0	0
Tog jutra Marija je obišla celo selo.	That morning Mary went round the whole village.	celo	0	0
Proizvođači oružija treba da doniraju svoj novac organizacijama koje mogu da pomognu zemljama u ratu.	Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.	ratu	0	0
Vratiću se kasnije.	I'll be back later.	vratiću	0	0
Odakle ti to da je život fer?	Who said life is fair?	fer	0	0
Ovo je bez svake sumnje za mene krajnje neprijatna situacija.	This is, without a doubt, an embarrassing situation for me.	sumnje	0	0
Nadam se da ćemo shvatiti ovo.	I hope we can figure this out.	shvatiti	0	0
Čula sam da je Tom napustio fakultet.	I've heard that Tom has dropped out of college.	napustio	0	0
Tomu se dopadaju oba.	Tom likes them both.	oba	0	0
Od trenutka kada ga je video, srce mu je stalo.	From the moment he saw him, his heart stopped.	trenutka	0	0
Vreme je odličan učitelj, ali nažalost ubija sve svoje učenike.	Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.	ubija	0	0
Bob se hvalio o svom velikom brodu.	Bob bragged about his big boat.	bob	0	0
Ti si melem za dušu.	You're a sight for sore eyes.	dušu	0	0
Volimo da igramo fudbal.	We like to play soccer.	volimo	0	0
Aviokompanija će se pobrinuti da pošalje Vaš prtljag sve do konačnog odredišta što pre, ili kasnije ako tako želi putnik.	The airline makes sure to send luggage all the way to the final destination as soon as possible, or at a later date, at the passenger's choice.	pobrinuti	0	0
Trebalo nam je malo zabave.	We needed to have fun.	zabave	0	0
Имам нож.	I have a knife.	имам	0	0
Jesi ikad slušao tako dobru muziku?	Have you ever listened to such good music?	muziku	0	0
Želeli su da me kazne.	They wanted to punish me.	želeli	0	0
Dopala nam se hrana, naročito riba.	We liked the food, especially the fish.	riba	0	0
Čekaju te nevolje.	You're in for trouble.	čekaju	0	0
Ne želim nikakvo zlo.	I didn't mean any harm.	zlo	0	0
Obožavam ovu radnju.	I love this store.	obožavam	0	0
Kako si proveo dan?	How was your day?	proveo	0	0
Ako želiš da razgovaraš sa mnogo ljudi, treba da naučiš Esperanto. Zašto ovaj jezik? Jer je istovremeno lep i stimuliše naše učenje. Međunarodni jezik je veoma važan jer ima tako mnogo ljudi iz različitih zemalja širom sveta. Uostalom, Esperanto nije samo koristan već i lak za učenje. Ako naučiš Esperanto, možeš da putuješ mnogim zemljama. Dođi i nauči!	If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!	važan	0	0
Bila je to loša situacija.	It was a bad situation.	situacija	0	0
Moraš da doneseš odluku.	You need to make a decision.	odluku	0	0
Prigušuju svetla. Predstava samo što nije počela.	They're dimming the lights. The play is about to begin.	svetla	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	osobe	0	0
Sami je bio Lejlin plesni partner.	Sami was Layla's dance partner.	partner	0	0
Mrdaj se.	Get moving.	mrdaj	0	0
Kraljica i kralj su ponovo ujedinili svoje moći.	The Queen and the King have again united their powers.	kraljica	0	0
Leva strana Tomove kuće je u Konektikatu, a destra strana je u Njujorku.	The left side of Tom's home is in Connecticut, while the right side is in New York.	strana	0	0
Postmortem je pokazao da je udavljena.	The postmortem showed that she had been strangled.	pokazao	0	0
Ne možeš pobeći od prošlosti.	You can't run from the past.	prošlosti	0	0
Moja baka po ocu uživa u ceremoniji čaja.	My paternal grandmother enjoys tea ceremonies.	baka	0	0
Da li ideš na Tomovo i Merino venčanje?	Are you going to Tom and Mary's wedding?	venčanje	0	0
Ne zovi me kad sam u kancelariji.	Don't call me when I'm at the office.	kancelariji	0	0
Bili su tako srećni zajedno.	They were so happy together.	srećni	0	0
Ne laži.	Don't lie.	laži	0	0
Moraš da veruješ da je moguće da će se promeniti.	You must believe that change can happen.	promeniti	0	0
Proveri ovo.	Check this.	proveri	0	0
Ona uvek nosi drečavu odeću.	She always wears flashy clothes.	odeću	0	0
Imamo li neku takvu?	Do we have one like it?	takvu	0	0
Uzela je pero i pisala adresu.	She took the pen and wrote the address.	adresu	0	0
Tom će živeti.	Tom'll live.	živeti	0	0
Sva mesta za parkiranje su puna.	All the parking lots were full.	puna	0	0
Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	načina	0	0
Nazovi me bilo kada. Na mom ramenu, uvek se možeš isplakati.	Call me anytime. I always have a shoulder to cry on.	nazovi	0	0
Можда немамо све што желимо, али имамо све што нам треба.	We may not have everything we want, but we have everything we need.	нам	0	0
San... pokušao sam da objasnim Svetom Petru, i učinio sam to na nemačkom jeziku, jer nisam želeo da budem suviše eksplicitan.	A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn't want to be too explicit.	objasnim	0	0
Da li se sećaš imena lekara koji mi je spasio život?	Do you remember the name of the paramedic that saved my life?	spasio	0	0
Izgleda kao da si smršao deset funti.	It looks like you've lost ten pounds.	funti	0	0
Pošto je bilo hladno, naložili smo vatru.	Since it was cold, we made a fire.	vatru	0	0
Zašto sad dolaziš kod mene?	Why come to me now?	dolaziš	0	0
Pre nego što ova odluka stupi na snagu, niko neće ni prstom da mrdne da ovo reši.	Before this decision takes effect, nobody will lift a finger in order to solve this.	snagu	0	0
Pustio sam mačku u moju sobu.	I let the cat into my room.	pustio	0	0
Preveo sam pesmu najbolje što sam mogao.	I translated the poem as well as I could.	preveo	0	0
Dozvolite mi da objasnim.	Allow me to explain.	dozvolite	0	0
Imamo situaciju.	We've got a situation.	situaciju	0	0
Tom je čekao mene.	It's me that Tom is waiting for.	čekao	0	0
Ne trči.	Don't run.	trči	0	0
Ne daj da Tom sazna to.	Don't let Tom know that.	sazna	0	0
Упознала сам Тома пре неколико година.	I first met Tom several years ago.	пре	0	0
Они варају.	They cheat.	они	0	0
Ovo bi moglo da traje nedeljama.	This could take weeks.	traje	0	0
"Da, đus od pomorandže, molim", reče Majk.	"Yes, orange juice please," says Mike.	reče	0	0
Znam gospodina.	I know the gentleman.	gospodina	0	0
Gde mogu da nađem kancelariju za turiste?	Where can I find the tourist's office?	kancelariju	0	0
Atomska energija se može koristiti u miroljubive svrhe.	Atomic energy can be utilized for peaceful purposes.	koristiti	0	0
Šta mogu da učinim?	What can I do?	učinim	0	0
Begunac iz zatvora je brzo uhvaćen ponovo.	The prison escapee was quickly recaptured.	zatvora	0	0
Siguran sam Tom nije nameravao da ti povredi osećanja.	I'm sure Tom didn't intend to hurt your feelings.	osećanja	0	0
Latinski je jezik budućnosti!	Latin is the language of the future!	budućnosti	0	0
Govor mu je bio, blago rečeno, katastrofa.	His speech was an unmitigated disaster.	govor	0	0
Zajedno smo išli u školu.	We went to school together.	išli	0	0
Nemojte da pričate.	Don't speak.	pričate	0	0
Ako želiš da odeš do muzeja umetnosti, uhvati ovaj autobus.	If you want to go to the art museum, take this bus.	uhvati	0	0
Život je sladak.	Life is sweet.	sladak	0	0
Da li si nekad koristio neki od ovih?	Have you ever used one of these?	koristio	0	0
Možeš izbeći mnogo problema ako samo uradiš kako valja već iz prvog puta.	You can save yourself a lot of trouble by just doing it right the first time.	valja	0	0
Pokret, narode.	Let's move it, people.	narode	0	0
Gde će Tom spavati?	Where's Tom going to sleep?	spavati	0	0
Ни то ме не интересује.	I'm not interested in that, either.	ни	0	0
Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	mnoge	0	0
Večera je spremna!	Dinner's ready!	večera	0	0
Signalne lampice se koriste da se prenese Morzeova azbuka.	Signal lamps are used to transmit Morse code.	koriste	0	0
Mogu li da te pozovem oko 2:30?	May I call around 2:30?	pozovem	0	0
Dođi ovamo pozadi.	Come on back here.	pozadi	0	0
Mogu li da ti napravim jaja?	Can I make you some eggs?	napravim	0	0
Bira sam između dve mogućnosti.	I chose between two options.	mogućnosti	0	0
Један од дечака подиже руку.	One of the boys raised his hand.	један	0	0
Drvo gori.	Wood burns.	drvo	0	0
Očigledno si pijan.	You're obviously drunk.	pijan	0	0
Odsedaću u hotelu Hilton.	I'm going to be staying at the Hilton Hotel.	hotelu	0	0
Sumnjam da sam jedini koji je primetio.	I don't think I'm the only one who noticed.	primetio	0	0
Promenio sam raspored.	I rescheduled.	promenio	0	0
Том је и даље много заљубљен у тебе.	Tom is still very much in love with you.	тебе	0	0
Imam kamen u cipeli.	There is a stone in my shoe.	kamen	0	0
"Poznaješ li miris smrti", upita Džon, nabivši mi pesnicu ispod nosa.	"Do you know the smell of death", asked John, shoving his fist under my nose.	miris	0	0
Molim te skini čarape.	Take off your socks, please.	skini	0	0
Okreni se na trenutak, hoćeš li?	Turn around for a second, will you?	okreni	0	0
Koliko god malo znamo o njenom poreklu, bar možemo biti sigurni da je pilot Evangeliona.	Little as we know about her origins, we can at least be sure that she is a pilot of Evangelion.	njenom	0	0
Tom je bivši robijaš.	Tom is an ex-con.	bivši	0	0
Ja sam heroj.	I'm a hero.	heroj	0	0
Nisam obraćao pažnju na ono što pričaju.	I didn't pay attention to what they were saying.	pričaju	0	0
Znam da nisam savršen.	I know I'm not perfect.	savršen	0	0
To me ni najmanje ne plaši.	That doesn't scare me in the least.	plaši	0	0
Iako sam bila bolesna, dala sam sve od sebe.	Although I was sick, I did my best.	bolesna	0	0
Jesi li spremna da preuzmeš odgovornost?	Are you prepared to take responsibility?	odgovornost	0	0
Koju si prvu pesmu ikad napisao?	What was the first song you ever wrote?	prvu	0	0
Živiš u mojem srcu.	You live inside my heart.	srcu	0	0
Drvo gori.	Wood burns.	gori	0	0
Da li je to jedini izlaz?	Is that the only way out?	izlaz	0	0
Dođi bliže.	Come closer.	bliže	0	0
Oni su potrebni jedni drugima.	They needed one another.	drugima	0	0
Moj sat pokazuje tačno vreme.	My watch keeps good time.	pokazuje	0	0
Tom će da zapamti.	Tom'll remember.	zapamti	0	0
Nimalo nisam zabrinut.	I'm not at all worried.	zabrinut	0	0
Hajde ustani, Tome.	Come on up, Tom.	ustani	0	0
Желим да идем тамо сам.	I want to go there alone.	желим	0	0
Hoćeš li pozvati tog svestranog momka, našeg poznanika iz Bergena?	Are you going to call that versatile guy, our casual acquaintance from Bergen?	pozvati	0	0
Učinili smo sve što smo mogli.	We did all we could do.	učinili	0	0
Nisam ljuta ni na kog.	I'm not mad at anybody.	ljuta	0	0
Sačuvaću ti mesto u prvom redu.	I'll save you a seat in the front row.	prvom	0	0
Koju vrstu posla bi zaista volela da radiš?	What kind of work would you really like to do?	vrstu	0	0
Tomova kuća je na prodaju.	Tom's house is for sale.	prodaju	0	0
U mom početku je moj kraj.	In my beginning is my end.	početku	0	0
Stoga zahtevam da mi se sudija izvini i zahtevam da se moje ludilo proglasi ništavnim.	I thus require an apology from the judge and I claim my insanity declared null and void.	sudija	0	0
Da li se plašiš pacova?	Are you afraid of rats?	plašiš	0	0
Koju radio stanicu obično slušaš?	What radio station do you usually listen to?	slušaš	0	0
On govori engleski.	He speaks English.	engleski	0	0
Mnogo sam žrtvovao da obrazujem moju ćerku.	I sacrificed a lot in order to educate my daughter.	ćerku	0	0
Da li ovo znači da me više ne volite?	Does this mean that you don't love me anymore?	volite	0	0
Ljudi koji rade u obaveštajnoj službi obično uče mnogo jezika, ali oni moraju da čuvaju mnogo tajni.	People who work for an intelligence service usually learn many languages, but they have to keep a lot of secrets.	tajni	0	0
Kako je čudan.	That's an unusual one.	čudan	0	0
Ne vidim razliku.	I don't see the difference.	razliku	0	0
Samo vršim svoju dužnost.	I'm only doing my duty.	dužnost	0	0
Napisao sam pesmu o onome što se ovde dogodilo prošle godine.	I wrote a song about what happened here last year.	onome	0	0
Nema šanse da Tom može da uštedi dovoljno novca da kupi kuću za godinu dana.	There's no way Tom can save up enough money in one year to buy a house.	kupi	0	0
Infracrveni i ultraljubičasti zraci su vrste svetlosti nevidljive ljudskom oku.	Infrared and ultra-violet rays are types of light invisible to the human eye.	vrste	0	0
Mnogo ćete nam nedostajati ako odete za Japan.	We will miss you terribly if you leave Japan.	odete	0	0
Sve je bila velika laž.	It was all a big lie.	laž	0	0
Piter voli Džejn.	Peter loves Jane.	piter	0	0
Vodili su ljubav cele noći.	They made love all night long.	cele	0	0
Ovo je moj treći brak.	This is my third marriage.	treći	0	0
Predivno!	Wonderful!	predivno	0	0
Volela bih da te upoznam sa Tomom.	I'd like to introduce you to Tom.	upoznam	0	0
Uhvatio je taksi do bolnice.	He took a taxi to the hospital.	uhvatio	0	0
Tom nije uspeo da iznese nijedan dokaz koji bi podržao njegovu izjavu.	Tom was unable to produce any evidence to support his statement.	nijedan	0	0
Tom je radio celog života.	Tom worked all his life.	celog	0	0
Tom i Meri su zajedno gledali zalazak sunca.	Tom and Mary watched the sunset together.	sunca	0	0
Da li Tom ima advokata?	Does Tom have an attorney?	advokata	0	0
Ja nisam vlasnik.	I'm not the owner.	vlasnik	0	0
Molim vas da stavite masku.	Please wear a mask.	stavite	0	0
Gluv i nem sam dok jedem.	I'm deaf and mute while I'm eating.	jedem	0	0
Ne bih verovao svemu šta Tom kaže da sam ja ti.	I wouldn't believe everything Tom says if I were you.	verovao	0	0
Lejla ima širok krug prijatelja.	Layla had a large circle of friends.	krug	0	0
Tom je otvorio novi restoran, ali nije uspeo da zaradi od njega tokom prvih dvanaest meseci.	Tom opened a new restaurant, but it didn't turn a profit in the first twelve months.	restoran	0	0
Takvo stanje stvari se ne može tolerisati.	Such a state of things cannot be put up with.	takvo	0	0
Pitam se kako se Toma oseća.	I wonder how Tom feels.	oseća	0	0
Стварно си талентована.	You're really talented.	стварно	0	0
Šalim se.	I'm joking.	šalim	0	0
Tom stvarno izgleda poznato.	Tom does look familiar.	poznato	0	0
Tomu je strašno dosadno.	Tom is bored stiff.	dosadno	0	0
Kako iko može da spava uz svu ovu pometnju?	How can anyone sleep with all this commotion going on?	iko	0	0
Било је око тридесет људи тамо.	There were about thirty people there.	људи	0	0
Možda ne budem spavala večeras.	I might not sleep tonight.	spavala	0	0
Мислим да си ту поруку послао погрешној особи.	I think you sent that message to the wrong person.	ту	0	0
Sedmica ima sedam dana: ponedeljak, utorak, sreda, četvrtak, petak, subota i nedelja.	A week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.	petak	0	0
Tom mrzi Meri.	Tom hates Mary.	mrzi	0	0
Moramo da završimo pakovanje.	We need to finish packing.	završimo	0	0
Да ли Том још увек ради овде?	Is Tom still working here?	увек	0	0
Tom je dve godine stariji od mene.	Tom is two years senior to me.	stariji	0	0
Tom je već popio tri čaše vina.	Tom has had three glasses of wine already.	vina	0	0
Ne verujem ženama.	I don't trust women.	ženama	0	0
Tom je blago napet.	Tom tensed slightly.	blago	0	0
Tom je mislio da je Meri slatka.	Tom thought Mary was cute.	slatka	0	0
Počelo je.	It's started.	počelo	0	0
Karakter čoveka je njegova sudbina.	A man's character is his fate.	sudbina	0	0
Kosa mu je pokrivala skoro celo lice.	His hair almost covered his whole face.	kosa	0	0
Siguran sam da je Tom ponosan.	I'm sure Tom is proud.	ponosan	0	0
Meta je na vidiku.	The target is in sight.	meta	0	0
Tom se bori kao lud.	Tom is fighting mad.	bori	0	0
Mislim da ne treba da jedeš to.	I don't think you should eat that.	jedeš	0	0
Zaboravljam gde ostavim kapu.	I forget where I put my hat.	ostavim	0	0
Kako pametno!	How clever!	pametno	0	0
Сви су покушали да уђу одједном.	Everyone tried to get in at once.	сви	0	0
Napravljen je video snimak intervjua i objavljen je širom interneta.	The interview was recorded on video and shared all over the Internet.	snimak	0	0
Kopile jedno!	Bastard!	kopile	0	0
Neke devojke su prirodno lepe.	Some girls are naturally pretty.	lepe	0	0
Vlada je pala nakon glasanja u parlamentu.	The government collapsed after a vote in parliament.	pala	0	0
Imamo pet prstiju na svakoj ruci.	We have five fingers on each hand.	ruci	0	0
Ubijen je na licu mesta.	He was murdered on the spot.	licu	0	0
Moja tetka mi je dala cveće.	My aunt gave me flowers.	tetka	0	0
Probudio sam se pre sat vremena i u međuvremenu sam oprao zube, umio se i obrijao se, i uradio jutarnju gimnastiku.	I got up an hour ago and in the meantime I've brushed my teeth, washed and shaved myself and done my morning gymnastics.	zube	0	0
Ako nalog već postoji, funkcionisaće sistem kojim možete da primate i šaljete email.	If there is already an account, there is a system by which you are able to send and receive email.	nalog	0	0
Kakvi su ti planovi onda?	So what are your plans?	kakvi	0	0
Ljudi sa agrafijom ne mogu da pišu zbog povrede mozga.	People with agraphia can't write due to a brain injury.	mozga	0	0
Ko kuca na vratima?	Who is knocking on the door?	vratima	0	0
Meri provodi mnogo vremena na telefonu, šaljući poruke i mejlove prijateljima.	Mary spends a lot of time on her phone, texting and e-mailing her friends.	poruke	0	0
Kratko rečeno, ja se ne slažem.	To put it briefly, I do not agree.	kratko	0	0
Sačuvaćemo ovaj komad kolača za Toma.	We'll save this piece of cake for Tom.	komad	0	0
Ha? Gde sam ostavio ključeve?	Huh? Where'd I put the keys?	ključeve	0	0
Nikada se govno ne može pozlatiti tako da ne smrdi.	One can never gild shit so it does not smell.	govno	0	0
Sve se menja.	Everything's changing.	menja	0	0
Pokušali ste.	You've tried.	pokušali	0	0
Tomu se nije dopadao izgled svog nosa, pa je uradio operaciju nosa.	Tom didn't like the look of his nose, so he had a nose job.	operaciju	0	0
Tom te mrzi iz dna duše.	Tom hates your guts.	duše	0	0
Moja majka je kupila dve flaše soka od pomorandže.	My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.	kupila	0	0
Tom i Meri imaju seks otprilike jednom nedeljno.	Tom and Mary have sex about once a week.	otprilike	0	0
Igrao sam golf sa Tomom mnogo puta.	I've played golf with Tom many times.	igrao	0	0
Imamo bolje planove za tebe.	We've got better plans for you.	planove	0	0
Jesam li toliko drugačiji?	Am I so different?	drugačiji	0	0
Ne treba suditi o čoveku po njegovom izgledu.	You shouldn't judge a man by his appearance.	čoveku	0	0
Шта ће се десити сад?	What will happen now?	сад	0	0
Otvorite vrata za ljubav.	Open the door for love.	otvorite	0	0
Tom živi u centru grada.	Tom lives downtown.	centru	0	0
Бојим се да идемо погрешним смером.	I'm afraid we're going the wrong way.	идемо	0	0
Vodite ljubav, a ne rat!	Make love, not war.	vodite	0	0
Uhvatili smo ga na delu.	We caught him red-handed.	uhvatili	0	0
Zaista mi se dopada tvoja muzika.	I really like your music.	muzika	0	0
On je pojeo kutiju čokolada.	He ate a box of chocolates.	kutiju	0	0
Tom mora da plati za sve.	Tom has to pay for everything.	plati	0	0
Prihvatio je da je čudovište.	He accepted that he was a monster.	čudovište	0	0
Tog jutra Marija je obišla celo selo.	That morning Mary went round the whole village.	selo	0	0
Mrzim ćuti zvuk svog glasa.	I hate the sound of my own voice.	ćuti	0	0
Al je živeo u Sovjetskom savezu, onom velikom i višenarodnom, u velikom regionu Tver, po veličini jednakim nekoliko engleskih zemalja.	Al lived in the Soviet Union, huge and multinational one, at the large Tver Region equal to several English counties in size.	velikom	0	0
Да ли можеш да дођеш?	Can you come?	можеш	0	0
Policija je odbacila mogućnost samoubistva.	The police have ruled out suicide.	mogućnost	0	0
Том је чуо како га неко зове по имену.	Tom heard somebody call his name.	по	0	0
Mnogo ljudi se moli pre jela.	Many people pray before eating.	moli	0	0
Toma će pogledati.	Tom will take a look at it.	pogledati	0	0
Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	hiljade	0	0
Mislio sam da je hrana odlična.	I thought the food was excellent.	odlična	0	0
Koja je razlika između rasterske i vektorske grafike?	What is the difference between raster and vector graphics?	razlika	0	0
Više nemam mobilni telefon.	I don't have a cellphone anymore.	mobilni	0	0
Da li sam te pozvala?	Did I invite you?	pozvala	0	0
Počela je da prolazi prstima kroz kosu.	She started running her fingers through her hair.	prolazi	0	0
Drago mi je što je Tom pobedio.	I'm glad that Tom won.	pobedio	0	0
Taj čovek je vojnik.	That man is a soldier.	vojnik	0	0
Molim vas, požurite.	Please hurry.	požurite	0	0
Tom ima dobrog mentora.	Tom had a good mentor.	dobrog	0	0
Obnovljiva energije je izvor energije koji se ne može iscrpeti.	Renewable energy refers to an energy source that cannot be exhausted.	izvor	0	0
Uštedeli bi vreme da smo se spustili kroz Park Street.	We'd save time if we drove down Park Street.	park	0	0
Ne muči se s tim bezveze.	Don't bother with that.	muči	0	0
Žestoko su se sudili na sudu.	They fought the measures in the courts.	sudu	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	pojavi	0	0
Opasnost vreba iza svakog ugla.	Danger lurks around every corner.	opasnost	0	0
Kada ćemo da počnemo da jedemo?	When are we going to start eating?	počnemo	0	0
Tim je jak koliko njegov najslabiji član.	The team is only as strong as its weakest member.	član	0	0
Tomov auto ima sto konjskih snaga.	Tom's car has 100 horsepower.	snaga	0	0
Da li je u cenu uračunat doručak?	Does that price include breakfast?	cenu	0	0
Da bi promenio crveno meso, skuvao sam ćureće grudi u sosu od pečuraka za večeras.	For a bit of a change from red meat, for tonight I've cooked turkey breasts in mushroom sauce.	grudi	0	0
Zabavi se dok možeš.	Have fun while you can.	zabavi	0	0
Tom je sačuvao sva pisma koja mu je Meri poslala.	Tom saved all of the letters Mary sent him.	pisma	0	0
Kamion za čišćenje snega je pokušavao da održava autoput u blizini Osla bez snega u četvrtak ujutru.	A snowplow tried to keep the highway near Oslo free of snow on Thursday morning.	pokušavao	0	0
Pucaj u noge!	Shoot for the legs!	pucaj	0	0
Tom je poprilično poznat.	Tom is fairly well known.	poznat	0	0
Podrazumeva se da je među njima postajalo jedno prijateljstvo koje je prevazilazilo odnos gospodara i apostola u to vreme.	It goes without saying that at that time a kind of friendship beyond master and disciple grew between the two of them.	odnos	0	0
Том није могао да одоли да не задиркује Мери због начина на који је обучена.	Tom just couldn't resist teasing Mary about the way she was dressed.	због	0	0
Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	kojih	0	0
Plastična čaša je bolja od one koja je napravljena od pravog stakla.	A plastic glass is better than one made of real glass.	bolja	0	0
Pročitao sam knjigu.	I've read the book.	pročitao	0	0
Време је да се вратимо кући.	It's time to come back home.	време	0	0
Puno dugujem Tomu.	I owe Tom a great deal.	dugujem	0	0
Tom je nosio svog sina na leđima.	Tom was carrying his son on his back.	nosio	0	0
Pošalji Toma da uđe.	Send Tom in, please.	pošalji	0	0
Taj čovek je opasan.	That man is dangerous.	opasan	0	0
Predstavićemo svoje ideje odboru.	We will present our idea to the committee.	ideje	0	0
Još sam malo umorna.	I'm still kind of tired.	umorna	0	0
Vremenska prognoza kaže da će sutra popodne da pada kiša.	The weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon.	kiša	0	0
Đus od pomorandže je najpopularniji sok u Americi.	Orange juice is the most popular juice in America.	americi	0	0
Осећам се лоше јер сам лагала.	I feel bad about lying.	јер	0	0
Da, nije li fantastično?	Yeah, isn't that great?	fantastično	0	0
Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	poslednjih	0	0
Koje filmove si gledala u poslednje vreme?	What movies have you watched lately?	gledala	0	0
Šta ćeš raditi ovog leta?	What'll you be doing this summer?	leta	0	0
Tom i Meri su zajedno gledali zalazak sunca.	Tom and Mary watched the sunset together.	gledali	0	0
Izađi iz svoje zone konfora.	Get out of your comfort zone.	izađi	0	0
Devojka vidi dečaka.	The girl sees the boy.	dečaka	0	0
Hajde da napravimo neke slike.	Let's get some pictures.	napravimo	0	0
Ne postoji pravilo bez izuzetka.	There is no rule without exception.	pravilo	0	0
Začepi ta prljava usta.	Shut your filthy mouth.	začepi	0	0
Dopala nam se hrana, naročito riba.	We liked the food, especially the fish.	naročito	0	0
Potrebni su jedni drugima.	They needed one another.	jedni	0	0
Solarna energija je čist izvog energije.	Solar power is a clean source of energy.	čist	0	0
Ne sviđa mi se ova kamera.	I don't like this camera.	kamera	0	0
Moraćeš da pitaš Toma.	You'll have to ask Tom.	moraćeš	0	0
Tom laže. Nisam to uradio šta je on rekao.	Tom is lying. I didn't do what he said I did.	laže	0	0
Moramo da nastavimo da radimo.	We have to keep working.	nastavimo	0	0
Tom je poludeo.	Tom was out of his mind.	poludeo	0	0
Kuća u kojoj je Ataturk rođen je u Solunu.	The home where Atatürk was born is in Thessaloniki.	rođen	0	0
Mržnja je poput pijenja otrova, a da se zatim nadaš da će ona ubiti tvog neprijatelja.	Resentment is like drinking poison, and then hoping it will kill your enemy.	neprijatelja	0	0
Na sistemu je završena popravka posle tri godine volonterskog rada.	After three years of work by volunteers, the system has been fully repaired.	rada	0	0
Elana je osvojila prvu nagradu.	Elena won first prize.	nagradu	0	0
Zaboravite Toma.	Forget Tom.	zaboravite	0	0
Tom se potpisao novom olovkom koju mu je Meri dala.	Tom signed his name with the new pen that he got from Mary.	novom	0	0
Mogao bi da bude trik.	It could be a trick.	trik	0	0
Tom je želeo da uzme Merin broj telefona, ali ona je odbila da mu ga da.	Tom wanted Mary's phone number, but she refused to give it to him.	uzme	0	0
Muka mi je od tvog cmizdrenja.	I'm tired of your whining.	muka	0	0
Besplatna biblioteka Haskel i Opera haus sagrađeni su na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	The Haskell Free Library and Opera House was built on the border between Canada and the United States.	država	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	ulogu	0	0
Moraću da razmislim o tom pitanju,	I'll have to take that question on notice.	moraću	0	0
Ta knjiga košta 3000 jena.	That book costs 3,000 yen.	košta	0	0
Da li si odlučila šta ćeš da radiš?	Have you decided what you're going to do?	odlučila	0	0
Otkrili smo veliku grešku u sistemu.	We detected a great fault in the system.	grešku	0	0
Ima oko trista milja odavde do Bostona.	It's about three hundred miles from here to Boston.	milja	0	0
Gde su krenuli?	Where are they off to?	krenuli	0	0
Svi gledaju u nas.	Everyone's looking at us.	gledaju	0	0
Tom ne može da uđe.	Tom can't come in.	uđe	0	0
Tom prodaje kola.	Tom sells cars.	prodaje	0	0
Uzeću pirinač za svoj kolaž.	I'm going to use rice for my collage.	uzeću	0	0
Da te ne znam dobro, pomislila bih nešto kriješ.	If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were hiding something.	pomislila	0	0
Toni nije hteo da radi u radnji ili fabrici.	Tony did not want to work in a shop or a factory.	toni	0	0
Izgleda da je žrtva pokušala da napiše ime ubice sopstvenom krvlju.	It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.	ubice	0	0
Pijem vitamine svaki dan.	I take vitamins every day.	pijem	0	0
Stvarno volim članove svog tima.	I really like my teammates.	tima	0	0
Džejn leži bolesna u krevetu.	Jane is sick in bed.	džejn	0	0
Štedim da kupim novi saksofon.	I've been saving up to buy a new saxophone.	kupim	0	0
Oni su takođe otkrili da se ista pogrešna procena napravila i u nekim drugim slučajevima.	They have also found that the same miscalculation was made in some other cases.	otkrili	0	0
Mačka je ležala ispružena celom dužinom na sunčevoj svetlosti koja je prodirala kroz prozor.	The cat was lying stretched out at full length in the sunlight streaming through the window.	celom	0	0
Uhvatio je taksi do bolnice.	He took a taxi to the hospital.	bolnice	0	0
Najgore tek stiže.	The worst comes afterwards.	najgore	0	0
Mama voli da jede glavu ribe.	Mom likes to eat fish-head.	ribe	0	0
Tom je nosio crni šešir.	Tom was wearing a black hat.	crni	0	0
Solarna energija je čist izvog energije.	Solar power is a clean source of energy.	energije	0	0
Tom se osećao isključenim.	Tom felt excluded.	osećao	0	0
Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	nivo	0	0
Zaljubljen sam, i nisam srećan zbog toga.	I'm in love, and I am unhappy about it.	zaljubljen	0	0
Posle pet sati na vrućem pesku, on je na horizontu ugledao nešto što je izgledalo kao pustinjska fatamorgana.	After five hours on the hot sand, he began to see something on the horizon that looked like a desert mirage.	izgledalo	0	0
Pođi sa mnom večeras.	Leave with me tonight.	pođi	0	0
Juče sam sreo tvoje roditelje.	I met your parents yesterday.	roditelje	0	0
Šta imaš na umu?	What's on your mind?	umu	0	0
Živi sam u šumi.	He lives in the forest alone.	šumi	0	0
Da čujemo tvoj izgovor.	Let's hear your excuse.	čujemo	0	0
Nemam neko visoko mišljenje o njemu kao muzičaru.	I don't think much of him as a musician.	visoko	0	0
Juče je bilo vruće.	Yesterday was a hot day.	vruće	0	0
Tom je otvorio torbu.	Tom opened his bag.	torbu	0	0
Да ли ћемо да умремо?	Are we going to die?	ћемо	0	0
Bolje đavo kog znaš nego đavo kog ne znaš.	Better the devil you know than the devil you don't.	đavo	0	0
Tada nisam tečno govorila francuski.	I wasn't very fluent in French back then.	govorila	0	0
Da li si dobro pogledao?	Did you get a good look?	pogledao	0	0
Kanada nije raj.	Canada's no paradise.	raj	0	0
Nikada me nećeš uhvatiti živog!	You'll never take me alive!	uhvatiti	0	0
Trebalo bi da znaš da ako jedeš zdravo, fizički si aktivan i ne pušiš tada možeš sprečiti 80% svih kardiovaskularnih bolesti, 90% dijabetesa tipa 2 i 30% karcinoma.	You should know that eating healthy, being physically active, and not smoking can prevent 80% of all cardiovascular disease, 90% of type 2 diabetes and 30% of cancers.	bolesti	0	0
Koliko je duga reka Nil?	How long is the Nile River?	duga	0	0
Padala je jaka kiša.	A heavy rain fell.	jaka	0	0
Marija je odbila ponudu, jer je mislila da će joj biti bolje u banci.	Mary refused the offer because she thought she could find a better place for herself in the bank.	ponudu	0	0
Tri vojna lica su ubijena i tri povređena u eksploziji.	Three servicemen were killed and three were injured in the explosion.	ubijena	0	0
To je predstavlja investicioni savet.	It does not constitute an investment advice.	predstavlja	0	0
Uskoro ću kupili čamac. Kakvo osiguranje treba da izaberem?	I'll buy a boat soon. What type of insurance should I choose?	osiguranje	0	0
Kod roditelja sam.	I'm at my parents' place.	roditelja	0	0
I ja sam pronašla nešto.	I found something, too.	pronašla	0	0
Ko hoće da razgovara sa mnom?	Who wants to talk to me?	razgovara	0	0
Ništa nisam izabrao.	I didn't pick anything.	izabrao	0	0
Samo dajte sekund Tomu.	Just give Tom a second.	sekund	0	0
Bolje razmišljaš kad zatvoriš oči.	Closing your eyes helps you think better.	razmišljaš	0	0
Za Alžirijo je gas strateška dobrina.	One way scientists are following the spread of the brown marmorated stink bug is by setting traps.	gas	0	0
Nebo je puno zvezda.	The sky is full of stars.	nebo	0	0
Слажем се са већином ствари које си рекао.	I agree with most of what you said.	ствари	0	0
Krećemo li uskoro?	Are we starting soon?	krećemo	0	0
Svaka ptica svome jatu leti.	Birds of a feather flock together.	leti	0	0
То је моја идеја.	That's my idea.	моја	0	0
Juče sam sreo tvoje roditelje.	I met your parents yesterday.	sreo	0	0
Mislim da ste se svi sreli.	I think you've all met.	sreli	0	0
Nisam uspela.	I've failed.	uspela	0	0
Колико је тешка ова кутија?	What's the weight of this box?	колико	0	0
Ne diraj. To je moje.	Don't touch it. That's mine.	diraj	0	0
Ovo prevazilazi sve granice.	That is going too far.	granice	0	0
Odgovoran sam.	I'm responsible.	odgovoran	0	0
Зато морам да опет полажем тест.	That's why I have to take the test again.	зато	0	0
Tom je mlad, ali zna šta radi.	Tom is young, but he knows what he's doing.	mlad	0	0
On je šutnuo loptu u gol!	He kicked the ball into the goal.	loptu	0	0
Oni su slučajno čuli nekakvu sumnjivu aktivnost u šipražju što ukazuje da je medved namirisao njihovu hranu.	By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.	njihovu	0	0
Ko nosi pantalone u porodici?	Who wears the pants in your family?	pantalone	0	0
Bila sam otvorena i iskrena.	I was open and honest.	otvorena	0	0
Ovo je ljubavna pesma.	This is a love song.	pesma	0	0
Možda mi nešto fali ovde.	Maybe I'm missing something here.	fali	0	0
Jesi li slobodna u nedelju?	Are you open on Sunday?	slobodna	0	0
Da li je to ptica?	Is that a bird?	ptica	0	0
Video sam recept na kuhinjskom stolu.	I saw the receipt on the kitchen table.	stolu	0	0
Pametna sam.	I'm smart.	pametna	0	0
Kasno je zatvoriti vrata štale kad je konj već ukraden.	It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is stolen.	konj	0	0
Treba da razgovaramo o ovome nasamo.	We should discuss this in private.	nasamo	0	0
Ne čuješ često da je neko kupio šešir za hiljadu dolara.	It's not very often that someone buys a thousand dollar hat.	hiljadu	0	0
Izašla sam iz autobusa.	I got off the bus.	izašla	0	0
Tom se nadao da će postati slavan pisac.	Tom hoped that he would become a famous writer.	nadao	0	0
Pisac knjige "Poslednji mohikanac", Džejms Fenimor Kuper je bio prvi borac za zaštitu prirode.	The author of "The Last of the Mohicans", James Fenimore Cooper, was the first environmentalist.	džejms	0	0
Bila je to teška odluka.	It was a hard decision.	teška	0	0
Jebena matora kurva u menopauzi se žalila na mene bez razloga.	A fucking menopausal old bitch was complaining about me for no reason.	kurva	0	0
Ti si gazda.	You're the boss.	gazda	0	0
Морам да палим!	Must fly!	морам	0	0
Ne daj Tomu da zapadne u nevolje.	Keep Tom out of trouble.	nevolje	0	0
Ona ističe da ovaj poslednji potez vlade ima višestruko značenje.	She points out that this latest gesture of the government has multiple meanings.	potez	0	0
Zaveži!	Shut up!	zaveži	0	0
Tom će se oženiti sledećeg meseca.	Tom will get married next month.	sledećeg	0	0
Tom je ranije vozio autobus.	Tom used to drive a bus.	vozio	0	0
Već smo odlučili da ne radimo to.	We've already decided not to do that.	odlučili	0	0
Том је погледао на сат и изненадио се што је већ поноћ.	Tom glanced at his watch and was surprised it was already midnight.	већ	0	0
Ствари више никад неће бити исте.	Things will never be the same again.	неће	0	0
Meri je rekla da će otkriti tajne svih svojih šefova ako joj ne povećaju platu.	Mary said that she would reveal all of her employer's secrets if he did not raise her wage.	otkriti	0	0
Tom je nagovorio Meri da spremi tortu za Džonovu rođendansku žurku.	Tom talked Mary into baking a cake for John's birthday party.	žurku	0	0
Stoj tu!	Hold it!	stoj	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	držao	0	0
Tome, ozbiljna sam.	Tom, I'm serious.	ozbiljna	0	0
Tom je izgledao mnogo drugačije nakon šišanja.	Tom looked so different after his haircut.	izgledao	0	0
Povezanost između ličnosti i krvne grupe nije naučno potvrđena.	A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.	grupe	0	0
Nada se gubi kada doživljavaš tešku situaciju i besmislenu zakočenost. Moraš biti jak.	Hope quickly fades when you encounter a difficult situation and a pointless deadlock. You must be strong.	nada	0	0
Gde sam pogrešio?	Where did I go wrong?	pogrešio	0	0
Da li je neophodno da praviš toliku galamu?	Is it necessary to make so much noise?	praviš	0	0
Јеси ли и даље с нама, Томе?	Are you still with us, Tom?	јеси	0	0
Moram priznati da vam zavidim.	I have to say I envy you guys.	priznati	0	0
Здраво, пиле.	Hello, honey.	здраво	0	0
Taj dečak priča kao da je odrastao.	That boy speaks as if he were an adult.	odrastao	0	0
U agenciji za sprovođenje zakona sam.	I'm in law enforcement.	zakona	0	0
Учинио си много.	You've done a lot.	много	0	0
Pokazaću ti moj novi auto.	I'll show you my new car.	pokazaću	0	0
Možemo da gledamo Toma u odelu, za crnim velikim klavirom sa dramatičnim potezima prstiju, stvarajući muziku koja je vrlo prijatno slušati.	We can look at a suit-clad Tom at a black grand piano, moving his fingers dramatically, creating music that is very pleasant to listen to.	gledamo	0	0
Mama je presadila cveće u baštu.	Mother transplanted the flowers to the garden.	cveće	0	0
Nisam oženjen Tomom.	I'm not married to Tom.	oženjen	0	0
Još jedna prodavnica će se uskoro otvoriti u Bostonu.	Another store will be opened in Boston soon.	otvoriti	0	0
Lepota leži u očima posmatrača.	Beauty lies in the eyes of the one who sees.	leži	0	0
Vatrogasna vozila imaju prednost u odnosu na ostala vozila.	Fire engines have priority over other vehicles.	vozila	0	0
Tom nije bio zgodan koliko je Mari rekla da će biti.	Tom wasn't as handsome as Mary said he was.	zgodan	0	0
Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	slobodu	0	0
Zar se ne sećate pitanja?	Don't you remember the question?	sećate	0	0
Brak između osoba istog pola je sada legalan u 20 zemalja, uključujući Irsku od juče.	Same sex marriage is now legal in 20 countries worldwide, including Ireland as of yesterday.	uključujući	0	0
Ispravno je.	It's right.	ispravno	0	0
Ko ne reskira, ne dobija.	Nothing ventured, nothing gained.	dobija	0	0
Нисмо успели да узмемо оно што нам је требало.	We weren't able to get what we needed.	оно	0	0
Za ovo smo mi krivi, Tome	This one's on us, Tom.	krivi	0	0
Roditelji ne bi trebali da dozvole deci da budu surovi prema životinjama.	Parents shouldn't let children be cruel to animals.	deci	0	0
Ниси херој.	You aren't a hero.	ниси	0	0
Tom poznaje Meri.	Tom knows Mary.	poznaje	0	0
Неко мора да почисти ову собу.	Someone needs to clean this room.	неко	0	0
Verujete li u ljubav na prvi pogled?	Do you believe in love at first sight?	verujete	0	0
Pročitao sam članak u tebi u jučerašnjim novinama.	I read the article about you in yesterday's newspaper.	novinama	0	0
Predlažemo da se kvalitet vode proverava jednom godišnje u cevima, dvaput u bunaru.	We recommend that mains water have a water-quality test carried out once a year, well water twice a year.	dvaput	0	0
Tomova je knjiga na vrhu Božićne prodaje knjiga, i teško da će je neka knjiga zbaciti sa položaja.	Tom's book is topping the Christmas sales of books, and hardly any book can put it off its game.	vrhu	0	0
Gde si, pobogu, bio dosad?	Where on earth have you been all this time?	pobogu	0	0
Tom možda ne stigne na sastanak.	Tom may not make it to the meeting.	stigne	0	0
Treba da me pustiš da uđem.	You need to let me in.	uđem	0	0
Proveri svakoga.	Check everyone.	svakoga	0	0
"A devojke, sinko?" "O, tata."	"What about the girls, my son?" "Oh, dad."	sinko	0	0
Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	rezultat	0	0
Uhvatili smo Toma na delu.	We caught Tom red-handed.	delu	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	životom	0	0
"Boston Globe" je dao filmu lošu kritiku.	The Boston Globe gave the film an unfavorable review.	filmu	0	0
Da li se bojiš pacova?	Are you afraid of rats?	bojiš	0	0
Tom je delovao starije i zrelije od ostalih dečaka.	Tom seemed older and more mature than the other boys.	ostalih	0	0
Šta? Još ne znaš da voziš?	What? You still don't know how to drive a car?	voziš	0	0
Ako padne kiša, događaj će biti otkazan.	If it rains, the event will be canceled.	padne	0	0
Ne očekujem da danas Tom bude ovde.	I don't expect Tom to be here today.	očekujem	0	0
Zapravo sam fin momak.	I'm actually a nice guy.	fin	0	0
Ovo bi trebalo da upali.	This should do the trick.	upali	0	0
Nosila je haljinu od satena.	She was wearing a gown of satin.	haljinu	0	0
Direktor predlaže da raspravimo problem.	The chairman suggested that we should discuss the problem.	direktor	0	0
Samo da proverim.	Let me check.	proverim	0	0
Ako želiš da razgovaraš sa mnogo ljudi, treba da naučiš Esperanto. Zašto ovaj jezik? Jer je istovremeno lep i stimuliše naše učenje. Međunarodni jezik je veoma važan jer ima tako mnogo ljudi iz različitih zemalja širom sveta. Uostalom, Esperanto nije samo koristan već i lak za učenje. Ako naučiš Esperanto, možeš da putuješ mnogim zemljama. Dođi i nauči!	If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!	širom	0	0
Tom je klimnuo glavom.	Tom nodded his head.	glavom	0	0
Hoću mač!	I want a sword!	mač	0	0
Imamo tri psa, jednog belog i dva crna.	We have three dogs, one white and two black.	crna	0	0
Prijatno sam iznenađen time.	I'm pleasantly surprised by that.	prijatno	0	0
Već sam razmišljala o tome.	I've already thought about that.	razmišljala	0	0
Nisam mogao da izađem zato što je padala kiša.	I couldn't go out because it was raining.	izađem	0	0
Mogu li da koristim tvoj rečnik?	Can I use your dictionary?	koristim	0	0
Samo hoću da stignem kući čitav.	I just want to get home safe and sound.	čitav	0	0
Tom je želeo da dâ veoma poseban poklon svojoj devojci.	Tom wanted to give a very special present to his girlfriend.	poseban	0	0
Populacija Švedske raste.	Sweden's population is growing.	raste	0	0
Bio je to veoma romantičan poljubac.	It was a very romantic kiss.	poljubac	0	0
Koji od vas će poći sa mnom?	Which of you will come with me?	poći	0	0
Ne živim da bi jeo, jedem da bi živeo.	I do not live to eat, but eat to live.	jeo	0	0
Ne brini. Sve je pod kontrolom.	Don't worry. Everything's under control.	kontrolom	0	0
Odakle duva vetar?	Where does the wind blow from?	vetar	0	0
Ima li Tom ikakvog iskustva?	Does Tom have any experience?	iskustva	0	0
Zašto nisi dozvolio Tomi da priča sa Marijom?	Why didn't you let Tom talk to Mary?	tomi	0	0
Uvek sam nervozan na pasoškoj kontroli.	I get nervous at immigration.	nervozan	0	0
Да ли мислиш да ћемо да победимо?	Do you think that we'll win?	мислиш	0	0
U tome je poenta.	That was my point.	poenta	0	0
Nije bilo ničega za jelo.	There was nothing to eat.	jelo	0	0
Ti mi se sviđaš.	You're the one I like.	sviđaš	0	0
Kupio sam ovu knjigu u knjižari ispred stanice.	I bought this book at the book store in front of the station.	stanice	0	0
Devojka je pustila ptice iz kaveza.	The girl released the birds from the cage.	ptice	0	0
Tom takođe ima crveni auto.	Tom has a red car, too.	crveni	0	0
Zvaću ih sutra kada se vratim.	I'll call them tomorrow when I come back.	zvaću	0	0
Ona je stekla sjajno iskustvo radeći u pozorištima.	She has valuable experience working in theaters.	iskustvo	0	0
Jesi li ikad dobio kaznu za brzu vožnju?	Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket?	kaznu	0	0
Meri je stavila prsten na prst.	Mary put the ring on her finger.	prst	0	0
Želim da vam se lično zahvalim.	I want to personally thank you.	zahvalim	0	0
Miran!	Stay!	miran	0	0
То сви желе, наравно.	That's what everyone wants, of course.	наравно	0	0
Nečije smeće je za nekog blago.	One person’s trash is another person’s treasure.	smeće	0	0
Dve države su ispregovarale mirovni sporazum.	The two countries negotiated a peace treaty.	države	0	0
Zašto se ovako ponašaš?	Why are you acting this way?	ponašaš	0	0
Дошао си баш у правом тренутку.	You came at just the right moment.	баш	0	0
Tom je bio zauzet poslom.	Tom was busy working.	poslom	0	0
Tom se ukrcao na autobus.	Tom boarded the bus.	autobus	0	0
Tom i Marija su zajedno skočili sa Preikestolna sa padobranom. To je bilo kratak, ali magični doživljaj.	Tom and Mary once jumped together from Pulpit Rock with a parachute. It was a short but magical experience.	marija	0	0
Tom je preklinjao Meri da ne kaže njegovim roditeljima o onome što se dogodilo.	Tom begged Mary not to tell his parents about what had happened.	roditeljima	0	0
Mogla bih da krenem s tobom.	I could go with you.	krenem	0	0
Koju radio stanicu obično slušaš?	What radio station do you usually listen to?	stanicu	0	0
Izgledate debelo.	You look fat.	izgledate	0	0
Ti mora da si nov ovde.	You must be new here.	nov	0	0
Nećemo da dozvolimo da umreš.	We won't let you die.	umreš	0	0
Izašao sam na pogrešnoj autobuskoj stanici.	I got off at the wrong bus stop.	stanici	0	0
Skoro smo gotovi ovde.	We're about done here.	gotovi	0	0
Trebalo bi da može da se promeni.	It should be possible to change that.	promeni	0	0
Da li je Tom izvukao deblji kraj?	Is Tom getting a raw deal?	izvukao	0	0
Drže me kao taoca.	I'm being held hostage.	drže	0	0
Šta biste voleli da znate?	What would you like to know?	voleli	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	duha	0	0
Ne smemo da stanemo ovde.	We must not stop here.	smemo	0	0
Ako želiš da razgovaraš sa mnogo ljudi, treba da naučiš Esperanto. Zašto ovaj jezik? Jer je istovremeno lep i stimuliše naše učenje. Međunarodni jezik je veoma važan jer ima tako mnogo ljudi iz različitih zemalja širom sveta. Uostalom, Esperanto nije samo koristan već i lak za učenje. Ako naučiš Esperanto, možeš da putuješ mnogim zemljama. Dođi i nauči!	If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!	uostalom	0	0
Imam šefa koji je mnogo mlađi od mene.	I have a boss who's much younger than me.	šefa	0	0
OK, dogovorili smo se.	OK, we've got a deal.	dogovorili	0	0
Tom mi je ujak, ne otac.	Tom is my uncle, not my father.	ujak	0	0
Том ми је пазио на пса док сам била у болници.	Tom looked after my dog while I was in the hospital.	док	0	0
Još uvek pravim greške.	I still make mistakes.	greške	0	0
Ovo je javna ulica, ne staza za trkanje.	This is a public street, not a racetrack.	ulica	0	0
Svi imamo naređenja.	We all have our orders.	naređenja	0	0
Stariji ljudi se često boje promene.	Older people often fear change.	promene	0	0
Том зна да не треба да ради то без питања.	Tom knows better than to do that without asking for permission first.	без	0	0
Voleo bih da umem da pišem lepo kao Tom.	I wish I could write as well as Tom.	pišem	0	0
Овај пас изгледа као коњ.	This dog looks like a horse.	овај	0	0
Znao sam da nikad nije trebalo da se mešam u tvoje budalaste poslove.	I knew I should never have gotten involved with your hair-brained scheme.	poslove	0	0
Tom je potrčao niz ulicu.	Tom ran down the street.	ulicu	0	0
Mogao bih da izgubim penziju.	I could lose my pension.	izgubim	0	0
Reč "granite" obično pogrešno izgovaraju i ljudi čiji je maternji jezik engleski.	"Granite" is often mispronounced by natives.	čiji	0	0
"Bolje je umreti na nogama nego živeti na kolenima." "Zašto si onda i dalje živ?"	"It's better to die on your feet than to live on your knees." "Then why are you still alive?"	nogama	0	0
Morala sam da donesem neke teške odluke.	I've had to make some tough choices.	odluke	0	0
Kada ste došli u Pariz?	When did you come to Paris?	pariz	0	0
Ne možemo da ga pozovemo kao svedoka.	We can't call him as a witness.	svedoka	0	0
Propustio sam tako mnogo prilika.	I've missed so many opportunities.	propustio	0	0
U gradovima, ograničenje brzine je 50 kilometara na sat.	In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.	kilometara	0	0
To je teško zamisliti.	That's hard to picture.	zamisliti	0	0
Šta ćeš da radiš sa svim tim novcem?	What're you going to do with all that money?	novcem	0	0
Ruke su joj bile hladne kao led.	Her hands were as cold as ice.	led	0	0
Разумем више него што могу да кажем.	I understand more than I can say.	него	0	0
Ne želim nikakav pasulj.	I don't want any beans.	nikakav	0	0
Probudio sam se pre sat vremena i u međuvremenu sam oprao zube, umio se i obrijao se, i uradio jutarnju gimnastiku.	I got up an hour ago and in the meantime I've brushed my teeth, washed and shaved myself and done my morning gymnastics.	međuvremenu	0	0
On je prvo uradio preliminarni test sa novim elektronskim alko-testom, pre nego što je poslat na laboratorijsko testiranje.	He was first subjected to a preliminary test with the new electronic breathalyzer before he was sent for a laboratory test.	novim	0	0
Ja i sva moja braća delimo sobu.	My brothers and I all share a room.	braća	0	0
Probudio sam se pre sat vremena i u međuvremenu sam oprao zube, umio se i obrijao se, i uradio jutarnju gimnastiku.	I got up an hour ago and in the meantime I've brushed my teeth, washed and shaved myself and done my morning gymnastics.	probudio	0	0
Jesu li mi uši crvene?	Are my ears red?	uši	0	0
Moraćete da pitate Toma.	You'll have to ask Tom.	pitate	0	0
Osećam se loše jer sam lagala.	I feel bad about lying.	lagala	0	0
Tom je odveo decu u park.	Tom took the children to the park.	odveo	0	0
Zamalo da ans uhvate nekoliko puta.	We almost got caught a few times.	zamalo	0	0
Не можемо да останемо на вечери.	We can't stay for dinner.	можемо	0	0
Koliko često koristiš telefon?	How often do you use your phone?	koristiš	0	0
Trčaćemo u parku.	We'll run in the park.	parku	0	0
Ne znamo šta donosi sutra.	We don't know what tomorrow will bring.	donosi	0	0
Potreban ti je privremeni most.	You'll need a temporary bridge.	most	0	0
Gde sam je stavila?	Where did I put it?	stavila	0	0
Učenici nisu znali kako da odgovore.	The students didn't know how they should answer.	odgovore	0	0
Kako zovete to?	What do you call this?	zovete	0	0
Nije mogao da razume nešto mnogo od onoga šta su oni rekli jedno drugom.	He couldn't understand much of what they said to each other.	razume	0	0
Ovde pušenje nije dozvoljeno. Tovi svoj rak negde drugde!	Smoking is not allowed here. Please feed your cancer outside!	rak	0	0
Radna grupa koja se bavi transferom podataka, vodjena od strane Bena Manija, će održati sastanak 14 januara 1999.	The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.	podataka	0	0
Morao sam da donesem neke teške odluke.	I've had to make some tough choices.	donesem	0	0
Ne zaboravi da doneseš kameru.	Don't forget to bring a camera.	kameru	0	0
Odgovori mi smesta.	Answer me right now.	smesta	0	0
Nikada se govno ne može pozlatiti tako da ne smrdi.	One can never gild shit so it does not smell.	smrdi	0	0
Tom čuva dovoljno novca zabodenog u čarapi za vožnju taksijem do kuće kada izlazi da pije.	Tom keeps enough money for a taxi fare home tucked in his sock when he goes out drinking.	pije	0	0
Ne bih ga povredio.	I wouldn't hurt him.	povredio	0	0
O ovome ne smeš ni sa kim da razgovaraš.	You must not discuss this matter with anyone.	razgovaraš	0	0
Preskočio je baru.	He jumped across the puddle.	baru	0	0
Zamalo da zaboravim pasoš.	I almost forgot my passport.	zaboravim	0	0
Вратите се касније, господине.	Come back later, sir.	господине	0	0
Tom je bio sa devojkom, ali nisam uspeo da vidim ko je ona.	Tom was with a girl, but I didn't manage to see who it was.	devojkom	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	želja	0	0
Posle letnjeg raspusta, deca moraju da se vrate u školu.	After the summer holidays, the children have to go back to school.	vrate	0	0
Svi stoje.	Everyone's standing.	stoje	0	0
Tom se navikao na ovakve situacije.	Tom is used to these kinds of situations.	ovakve	0	0
Da li je to ispalo meni?	Did I drop that?	ispalo	0	0
Gde ima dima, ima i vatre.	Where there's smoke there's fire.	vatre	0	0
Idem u crkvu samo iz poštovanja prema mojoj majci.	I only go to church out of duty to my mother.	crkvu	0	0
Ti piješ, zar ne?	You do drink, don't you?	piješ	0	0
Majka mi je umrla istog dana kada sam se udala.	My mother died the same day I got married.	udala	0	0
Boli me stomak.	I have a stomachache.	stomak	0	0
U blizini naše škole je autobuska stanica.	There's a bus stop close to our school.	stanica	0	0
To je bio dobar šešir.	That was a good hat.	šešir	0	0
Tom zna da nema nade.	Tom knows it's hopeless.	nade	0	0
Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	osnovu	0	0
Moja majka je umrla istog dana kada sam se oženio.	My mother died the same day I got married.	istog	0	0
Zašto si prestao da koristiš Tviter?	Why did you quit using Twitter?	prestao	0	0
Kada se vratio sa dužnosti u Avganistanu, Toma su progonile noćne more.	After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.	dužnosti	0	0
Не видим сврху да радим то.	I see no point in doing it.	видим	0	0
To je tako tužno.	That's so sad.	tužno	0	0
Srce Tame postavlja važna pitanja o imperijalizmu, kao i o racizmu.	Heart of Darkness raises important questions about imperialism, as well as racism.	važna	0	0
Svi pokušavamo da pobedimo.	We're all trying to win.	pokušavamo	0	0
Zver je živa, budna i gladna.	The beast is alive, awake and hungry.	gladna	0	0
Tom se verovatno i dalje krije.	Tom is probably still hiding.	krije	0	0
Rođen je u malom selu na jugu Turske.	He was born in a small village in the south of Turkey.	malom	0	0
Jao mi je žao Toma.	I really feel sorry for Tom.	jao	0	0
Naučnici veruju da pronalazak uvek dolazi kao grom iz vedra neba.	Researchers believe that discovery always comes like a bolt from the blue.	veruju	0	0
Jedi supu dok je vruća.	Eat your soup while it's warm.	jedi	0	0
Ko ne može biti ponosan što je Srbin, sa njihovim istorijskim najvišljim dostignućima - pokoljem poglavara i genocidima?	Who can't be proud of being Serbian, part of a group whose greatest historical achievements have been slaughtering authority figures and genocides?	njihovim	0	0
Dok sam šetao ulicom kao sasvim običan pešak, ugledao sam mog prethodnika u limuzini.	While I was walking down the street as an ordinary pedestrian, I saw my predecessor in a limousine.	običan	0	0
Čvrsto sam protiv ovoga.	I'm firmly opposed to this.	čvrsto	0	0
Gadno smo se posvađali.	We had a terrible fight.	gadno	0	0
Dokle ćeš da se ljutiš i vičeš na nas?	When shall you stop telling us off?	dokle	0	0
Volela bih da mi je to palo na pamet.	I wish I'd thought of that.	palo	0	0
Svima nam je nestalo alkohola.	We're all out of booze.	nestalo	0	0
Зашто ти је жао због нечега што ниси ти урадио?	Why are you sorry for something you haven't done?	жао	0	0
Emili je Engleskinja.	Emily is English.	emili	0	0
Treba nam papir.	We need paper.	papir	0	0
Tom je napravio tri fotografije.	Tom took three pictures.	fotografije	0	0
Toliko toga si me naučila.	You've taught me so much.	naučila	0	0
Kada počneš, nikad nećeš stati.	Once you start, you will never stop.	stati	0	0
Pod kojim imenom?	Under what name?	imenom	0	0
Srećom, Tom se nije ozbiljno povredio.	Fortunately, Tom didn't get seriously hurt.	srećom	0	0
Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	postali	0	0
Možemo da gledamo Toma u odelu, za crnim velikim klavirom sa dramatičnim potezima prstiju, stvarajući muziku koja je vrlo prijatno slušati.	We can look at a suit-clad Tom at a black grand piano, moving his fingers dramatically, creating music that is very pleasant to listen to.	slušati	0	0
Pacijent je izdahnuo.	The patient breathed his last.	pacijent	0	0
Alo! Čuješ li me?	Hello! Can you hear me?	alo	0	0
Doktori još uvek pokušavaju da spasu Toma.	The doctors are still trying to save Tom.	pokušavaju	0	0
Na moru su ostrva.	There are islands in the sea.	moru	0	0
Još uvek volim klasični rok.	I still love classic rock.	rok	0	0
Pokazaćemo vam kako da upecate ribu.	We will show you how to catch a fish.	ribu	0	0
Ne krivim te.	I don't blame you.	krivim	0	0
Zaista je prelepo.	That's really beautiful.	prelepo	0	0
Kako si saznala gde je Tom?	How did you find out where Tom was?	saznala	0	0
Nadam se da ćete se ti i Tom dobro provesti.	I hope you and Tom have a good time.	provesti	0	0
Tvoja knjiga je dvostruko veća od moje.	Your book is double the size of mine.	veća	0	0
Обећао си да ћеш ми помоћи.	You promised you'd help me.	ћеш	0	0
Sve mi je teže da se koncentrišem.	It's getting harder for me to concentrate.	teže	0	0
Očekuje od nas da joj pomognemo.	She expects us to help her.	očekuje	0	0
Brinula se o svom sinu.	She cared for her son.	sinu	0	0
Ova mašina bi trebala da pomogne da se uštedi vreme.	This machine should help save time.	mašina	0	0
Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	tvrdi	0	0
Molimo Vas, ostavite ovo mesto čistim koliko biste biste želeli da ga pronađete.	Please leave this place as clean as you would like to find it.	molimo	0	0
Ja čitam ovu knjigu.	I'm reading this book.	čitam	0	0
Ne slažem se sa vama u potpunosti.	I don't completely agree with you.	potpunosti	0	0
Da li sam ovde dobrodošao?	Am I welcome here?	dobrodošao	0	0
Njegov gubitak pamćenja je više psihički nego fizički problem.	His loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one.	gubitak	0	0
Veoma je prirodno za ljudsko biće da uvek daje sebi prednost nad interesima drugih.	It is very natural for a human being that one always give himself precedence over the interests of others.	ljudsko	0	0
Kako si ušla unutra?	How did you get inside?	ušla	0	0
Dovedi pojačanje.	Bring backup.	dovedi	0	0
Brak je glavni uzrok svih razvoda.	Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.	uzrok	0	0
Нико није хтео да га види.	Nobody wanted to see it.	види	0	0
Hajde da pojedemo sladoled sada. Otopiće se.	Let's eat the ice cream now. It's going to melt.	sladoled	0	0
Nova grana ka Haugesundu će postati glavna efektivna putna veza ka Oslu i Istočnoj Norveškoj za ceo zapadni region.	A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.	glavna	0	0
Ne lažem vas.	I'm not lying to you.	lažem	0	0
Сви су били задовољни.	All were satisfied.	били	0	0
Довољно је стар да јој буде деда.	He's old enough to be her grandfather.	јој	0	0
Nemojte da gledate.	Don't look.	gledate	0	0
Mnogi bi rado bili motivisana, kreativna, misleća bića, samo ako bi dobili tu šansu.	Many people would like to be motivated, innovative, thinking beings if they could only get the opportunity.	bića	0	0
Kome si u skorije vreme pomogla?	Who have you helped recently?	pomogla	0	0
Meri je sela na travu, svirajući ukulele.	Mary sat on the grass, playing ukulele.	sela	0	0
Srčani udar često dolazi kao grom s plavog neba.	A heart attack often comes like lightning from a blue sky.	udar	0	0
Počni s brojanjem.	Start counting.	počni	0	0
Treba da ostaviš Tomu poruku.	You should write Tom a note.	ostaviš	0	0
To je rizik koji moramo da preuzmemo.	It's a risk we have to take.	rizik	0	0
Mogu i zatvorenih očiju.	I can do it with my eyes closed.	očiju	0	0
Nimalo te se ne bojim.	I am not afraid of you at all.	nimalo	0	0
Oni su ti koji žele da odu.	They're the ones who want to go.	odu	0	0
Plastična čaša je bolja od one koja je napravljena od pravog stakla.	A plastic glass is better than one made of real glass.	pravog	0	0
Niko od nas nije pogodio metu.	We all missed the target.	pogodio	0	0
Prelepa plavuša sunčala se na plaži.	The beautiful blonde was sunbathing on the beach.	prelepa	0	0
Većina se plaši da postavi sebi veliki cilj iz straha da ga nikada neće dostići.	Most people are afraid to set a high goal for fear of not achieving it.	straha	0	0
Samo sam ti veoma zahvalan.	I'm just so grateful for you.	zahvalan	0	0
Ovaj model može se kombinovati sa bilo kojom bojom.	This model can be combined with any color.	model	0	0
Мислио сам да треба да буде смешно.	I thought it was supposed to be funny.	буде	0	0
Voleti i biti voljen je najveća sreća.	To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.	najveća	0	0
Ne volim da ujutru jedem beli luk.	I don't like to eat garlic in the morning.	luk	0	0
Знате остатак.	You know the rest.	знате	0	0
Dopustite nam da vam pomognemo.	Please let us help you.	pomognemo	0	0
Pokušao sam da tražim na Google-u, ali ne mogu da pronađem odgovor šta treba da radim.	I have tried searching on Google, but I can't find out what to do.	pronađem	0	0
Šolja kafe mi je razbistrila glavu.	A cup of coffee cleared my head.	kafe	0	0
Da li biste želeli još jednu čašu vode?	Would you like another glass of water?	čašu	0	0
Jezička forma se vremenom menja.	The form of language changes over time.	vremenom	0	0
Ovaj čaj lepo miriše.	This tea smells good.	miriše	0	0
Tomov deda je poznavao mog dedu.	Tom's grandfather knew my grandfather.	poznavao	0	0
Посрећило ти се тај пут, зар не?	You were lucky that time, weren’t you?	пут	0	0
Moraš da pustiš to.	You need to let go.	pustiš	0	0
Devojčice vole da se igraju kuće.	Girls like to play house.	igraju	0	0
Uzimam vitamine svaki dan.	I take vitamins every day.	uzimam	0	0
Ne sviđa mi se Tomov stil pisanja.	I don't like the way Tom writes.	stil	0	0
Tom čuva tajne.	Tom keeps secrets.	čuva	0	0
Nisam mogao da pustim to.	I couldn't let it go.	pustim	0	0
Dodaj još vode.	Add more water.	dodaj	0	0
Videćeš je.	You'll see her.	videćeš	0	0
Devojčice vole da se igraju kuće.	Girls like to play house.	devojčice	0	0
Sve pesme koje sam ti pevao danas sam ja napisao.	All the songs I sang for you today were written by me.	pesme	0	0
Samo ćemo vas pratiti.	We'll just follow you.	pratiti	0	0
Дала сам Тому паре које је тражио.	I gave Tom the money he wanted.	које	0	0
Volela bih da počnem.	I would like to start.	počnem	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	njihovo	0	0
Pratim te u koraku.	I'm on your tail.	pratim	0	0
Pratite Toma.	Follow Tom.	pratite	0	0
Psi su pametni.	Dogs are smart.	psi	0	0
Мислиш ли да би Том и даље могао да уради то за нас?	Do you think Tom would still be able to do that for us?	могао	0	0
Sklonite se.	Step aside.	sklonite	0	0
Tom ima pravi stav.	Tom has the right attitude.	stav	0	0
Čime sam ja to zaslužio?	What did I do to deserve that?	zaslužio	0	0
Nisam savršena.	I'm not perfect.	savršena	0	0
Objasni to prostim rečima.	Explain it in plain words.	objasni	0	0
Tom je zamolio meri da izrecituje pesmu koju je napisala.	Tom asked Mary to recite the poem she wrote.	zamolio	0	0
Siguran sam da nije bilo namerno.	I'm sure it wasn't intentional.	namerno	0	0
Moje je ime Sali.	My name is Sally.	sali	0	0
Jedan je senator nazvao predsednika druge zemlje, oficirem stare obaveštajne službe koji bi želeo da povrati staru imperiju te zemlje.	One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.	predsednika	0	0
Vrh planine je bio prekriven snegom.	The top of the mountain was covered with snow.	planine	0	0
Stvari nisu uvek onakve kakve se čine.	Things are not always what they seem.	čine	0	0
Шта си радио ових дана?	What've you been up to lately?	дана	0	0
Koliko sati je sada u Londonu?	What time is it in London now?	londonu	0	0
Хоћеш мало?	Want one?	хоћеш	0	0
Tom me je pozvao da mi kaže da neće biti da današnjem sastanku.	Tom called to say he wouldn't be at today's meeting.	sastanku	0	0
Priznajem da sam umoran.	I admit that I'm tired.	priznajem	0	0
Devojka je otvorila oči, videla medveda i pobegla kroz prozor.	The girl opened her eyes, saw the bear, and fled to the window.	pobegla	0	0
Imam istu želju da odem u inostranstvo na godinu dana na usavršavanje.	I have the same desire to take a year abroad to study.	želju	0	0
Moraću da razmislim o tom pitanju,	I'll have to take that question on notice.	razmislim	0	0
Nisam nimalo zabrinuta.	I'm not at all worried.	zabrinuta	0	0
Ја ћу да ти кажем шта да урадиш.	I'm going to tell you what to do.	кажем	0	0
Требало ми је више од три сата да преведем ово на француски.	It took me more than three hours to translate this into French.	требало	0	0
Efekat klimanskih promena je mnogo manje izražen na Antartiku nego u severnim polarnim predelima.	The effects of climate change are far less pronounced in Antarctica than in the northern polar regions.	promena	0	0
Kakvu muziku sluša tom?	What kind of music does Tom like?	sluša	0	0
Nadamo se da ćemo pobediti.	Hopefully, we'll win.	pobediti	0	0
Setite se imena fajla pre nego što pokušate da izvršite povratak obrisanih fajlova.	Recall the filename before you try to perform file recovery.	povratak	0	0
Tom je rekao da niko nije bio povređen.	Tom said nobody was hurt.	povređen	0	0
Prošlog meseca, moja sestra je rodila bebu od 3 kilograma.	Last month my sister gave birth to a six-pound baby.	prošlog	0	0
Možeš li da razbiješ jaje sa jednom rukom?	Can you break an egg with one hand?	rukom	0	0
Đus od pomorandže je najpopularniji sok u Americi.	Orange juice is the most popular juice in America.	sok	0	0
Nadam se da će Tom bezbedno da se vrati.	I hope Tom gets back safely.	bezbedno	0	0
Uradiću sve za tebe.	I'll do everything for you.	uradiću	0	0
To će trajati čitavu večnost.	That's going to take forever.	trajati	0	0
S koje si ti planete?	What planet are you from?	planete	0	0
Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	slobodni	0	0
Niste u toku.	You are out of step.	toku	0	0
Bojim se da ste pogrešno shvatili ovo.	I'm afraid that you've misunderstood this.	shvatili	0	0
Tom je jedan od najinteresantnijih momaka koje sam ikad upoznao.	Tom is one of the most interesting guys I've ever met.	momaka	0	0
Tamo nije dozvoljeno parkiranje.	You aren't allowed to park there.	dozvoljeno	0	0
Oni su preživeli, iako je zgrada bila uništena.	They survived, even though the building was destroyed.	zgrada	0	0
Tom je pružao veliku podršku.	Tom was very supportive.	podršku	0	0
Tom ima problema sa svojim čizmama za šetnju. Ima žuljeve na tabanu jednog stopala.	Tom has trouble with his walking boots. He has blisters on the sole of one foot.	stopala	0	0
Bil je dve godine mlađi od mene.	Bill is my junior by two years.	bil	0	0
Retko se ljuti.	It is rare for him to get angry.	ljuti	0	0
Juče sam primio tvoje pismo.	I received your letter yesterday.	primio	0	0
Дао сам Тому да ради шта хоће.	I let Tom do what he wanted.	ради	0	0
Tom je izvadio ključeve i otvorio vrata.	Tom took out his key and opened the door.	otvorio	0	0
Možda nikad ne saznamo zašto se to dogodilo.	We may never know why that happened.	saznamo	0	0
Duguješ mi mnogo.	You owe me big time.	duguješ	0	0
Zemlja, ona je planeta, a ne planetoid.	The earth is a planet, and not a planetoid.	planeta	0	0
Boji se da se uplete u plaćanje velikih svoti.	He's afraid to involve himself in paying large sums.	boji	0	0
Pozdravi prijatelje.	Say hello to your friends.	pozdravi	0	0
Ko bi hteo da vidi Toma mrtvog?	Who would want Tom dead?	mrtvog	0	0
Имамо друге ствари које треба да дискутујемо.	We have other things to discuss.	имамо	0	0
Zacrtao je sebi da mora da radi u bašti dva sata dnevno.	He makes it a rule to work in the garden for two hours every day.	dnevno	0	0
Sedim sam u kući.	I'm sitting alone in my house.	sedim	0	0
Meri je nosila papuče u obliku zeke.	Mary wore bunny slippers.	nosila	0	0
Ne ostavljaj me samu.	Don't leave me alone.	samu	0	0
Том већ зна да нисам баш срећан због тога.	Tom already knows that I'm not very happy about it.	тога	0	0
Njujork je veliki grad.	New York is a big city.	njujork	0	0
Rođen je u malom selu na jugu Turske.	He was born in a small village in the south of Turkey.	selu	0	0
To je bila čudna priča.	It was a strange story.	čudna	0	0
Морамо да завршимо овај пројекат пре октобра.	We need to finish this project before October.	морамо	0	0
Voleo bih još neke detalje.	I would like some further details.	detalje	0	0
Obično nisam ovoliko zauzet ponedeljkom.	I'm not usually this busy on Mondays.	ovoliko	0	0
Užasan sam sa decom.	I'm horrible with kids.	decom	0	0
Tom jedva da može da se pomeri.	Tom can barely move.	pomeri	0	0
Moramo da ostanemo u Bostonu.	We need to stay in Boston.	ostanemo	0	0
Bio sam vrlo zainteresovan da učestvujem u izgradnji intezivnijeg akademskog plana za programiranje.	I was very interested in taking part in building a stronger academic curriculum regarding programming.	plana	0	0
Taman sam krenula.	I was just heading out.	krenula	0	0
Evo malo dobrih vesti.	Here's some good news.	dobrih	0	0
Pisac knjige "Poslednji mohikanac", Džejms Fenimor Kuper je bio prvi borac za zaštitu prirode.	The author of "The Last of the Mohicans", James Fenimore Cooper, was the first environmentalist.	zaštitu	0	0
Prestani da se trudiš da me napraviš krivim.	Stop trying to make me feel guilty.	napraviš	0	0
Da li si uživao dok si sinoć gledao utakmicu?	Did you enjoy watching the night game last night?	utakmicu	0	0
Možda im treba nešto da jedu.	They may need something to eat.	jedu	0	0
Konj se uplašio i pobegao.	The horse took fright and bolted.	uplašio	0	0
Шта је тај смешан звук?	What's that funny sound?	тај	0	0
Kada ćemo da počnemo da jedemo?	When are we going to start eating?	jedemo	0	0
Изгледа да доста знаш о томе.	You seem to know a lot about that.	томе	0	0
Da li si čitao Svetu Bibliju.	Have you read the Holy Bible?	čitao	0	0
Pua je pevao u crkvi.	Pua sang at church.	crkvi	0	0
Zbog čega si odlučio da prestaneš da koristiš Tviter?	What made you decide to quit using Twitter?	prestaneš	0	0
Na plaži sam.	I'm at the beach.	plaži	0	0
Daj nam malo prostora.	Give us a little space.	prostora	0	0
Izbrojali smo godove na stablu koje smo oborili i otkrili da je staro trideset godina.	We counted the growth rings on the tree that we cut down and found out that it was thirty years old.	staro	0	0
Tom je stigao na vreme uprkos oluji.	Tom arrived on time in spite of the storm.	uprkos	0	0
Anatomski implanti za grudi, međutim, takođe mogu da dovedu do deformacije oblika grudi ako rotiraju na bok.	Anatomical breast implants, however, can also deform the shape of the breast if they rotate sideways.	međutim	0	0
Ova kutija je skoro prazna.	This box is almost empty.	kutija	0	0
Zašto je između nas neprijatno ćutanje?	Why is there an awkward silence between us?	neprijatno	0	0
Kako uzbudljivo!	How thrilling!	uzbudljivo	0	0
Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	imalo	0	0
U kom pravcu ideš?	Which way are you going?	pravcu	0	0
Postoje indicije da će prijem, koji je poznat po svojim luksuznim jelima, ove godine biti nešto skromniji.	There are some indications that the reception, which is known for its luxurious dishes, will be a bit more subdued this year.	prijem	0	0
Lopov je ukrao dragulje sinoć.	The thief stole the jewels last night.	lopov	0	0
To je samoubistvo.	That's suicide.	samoubistvo	0	0
Koliko košta flaša piva?	How much does a bottle of beer cost?	piva	0	0
Kompanije koje provode više vremena i novca na alatima za razvoj, imaju veću produktivnost i veću prodaju.	Companies that spend more time and money on development tools have higher productivity and sell more.	kompanije	0	0
Vrh planine je bio prekriven snegom.	The top of the mountain was covered with snow.	vrh	0	0
Tom je nagovorio Meri da spremi tortu za Džonovu rođendansku žurku.	Tom talked Mary into baking a cake for John's birthday party.	spremi	0	0
Tom nije uspeo da iznese nijedan dokaz da podrži svoju izjavu.	Tom couldn't produce any evidence to back his statement up.	izjavu	0	0
Kako to funkcioniše?	How does that work?	funkcioniše	0	0
Umirem od gladi.	I'm starving.	umirem	0	0
Sve se vrlo brzo menja i to danas zahteva novi način razmišljanja kod zaposlenih.	Everything changes very quickly, which calls for a new mindset among today's employees.	zahteva	0	0
Iskreno, ja sam imao samo jednu prednost nad većinom drugih, a to je da sam bio dobar u tome da se stalno unapređujem.	Honestly, I've only had one advantage over most of the others, and that is that I've been good in constantly improving myself.	prednost	0	0
U skladu sa našim pravilima, svi učesnici moraju da pri inspekciji pokažu legitimaciju, registracione papire i licencu.	According to our rules, all participants must present a photo ID, registration papers and valid license for inspection.	papire	0	0
Ne volim da ujutru jedem beli luk.	I don't like to eat garlic in the morning.	beli	0	0
Tom je uspeo da pobegne tačno na vreme.	Tom managed to escape just in time.	pobegne	0	0
Da li želiš da pronađeš smisao u svom životu? Živi tvoju strast!	Do you want to figure out your purpose in life? Live your passion!	smisao	0	0
Mogu li da platim karticom?	Can I pay by credit card?	platim	0	0
Da li ste u Parizu?	Are you in Paris?	parizu	0	0
Tom zna da se više od 91 odsto Norveškog stanovništva snadbeva pijaćom vodom iz površinskih izvora.	Tom knows that more than 91 per cent of the Norwegian population is supplied with potable water from surface water sources.	vodom	0	0
Javićemo vam čim budemo saznali.	We will contact you as soon as we know.	saznali	0	0
Čini dobro onima koji te mrze.	Do good to those who hate you.	onima	0	0
To mi je mnogo značilo.	It meant a lot to me.	značilo	0	0
Tom je predao listu tema koje bi mogle da uđu u plan za godišnji sastanak.	Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.	listu	0	0
Ne možeš da igraš tenis po vetrovitim danima.	You can't play tennis on windy days.	danima	0	0
Što je bilo dokazati.	Which was to be proven.	dokazati	0	0
Mačka je u ovoj sobi.	There is a cat in this room.	mačka	0	0
Život bez ljubavi nema nikakvog smisla.	Life without love is just totally pointless.	nikakvog	0	0
Никада нисам дозволио да моје школовање омета моје образовање.	I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.	моје	0	0
Ko je pojeo zadnju krofnu?	Who ate the last donut?	pojeo	0	0
Potrebni su jedni drugima.	They needed one another.	potrebni	0	0
Ako ti nađem pasoš, pozvaću te.	If I find your passport, I'll call you.	pozvaću	0	0
Umete li da deaktivirate bombu?	Do you know how to deactivate a bomb?	bombu	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	potrazi	0	0
Obuci se.	Get dressed.	obuci	0	0
Vrlo sam zadovoljan time.	I'm very happy with it.	zadovoljan	0	0
Tom i Marija igraju šah sa skupom ručno izrezbarenih šahovskih figura navodno od slonovače.	Tom and Mary are playing chess with a set of hand-carved chess pieces supposedly made of ivory.	navodno	0	0
Pokušavam da shvatim kako si uradila to.	I'm trying to figure out how you managed to do that.	shvatim	0	0
Promenila sam raspored.	I rescheduled.	promenila	0	0
Видети значи веровати.	Seeing is believing.	значи	0	0
Nisam sto posto siguran.	I'm not a hundred percent sure.	posto	0	0
Razgovarala sam sa Tomom juče.	I talked to Tom yesterday.	razgovarala	0	0
Pušenje može biti štetno po zdravlje.	Smoking is bad for your health.	zdravlje	0	0
Tom neće pobeći.	Tom won't get away.	pobeći	0	0
Čekala sam.	I waited.	čekala	0	0
Sigurna sam da je bila slučajnost.	I'm sure it was a coincidence.	slučajnost	0	0
Znači ovako se završava?	Is this how it ends?	završava	0	0
Brod je nestao bez traga.	The ship disappeared without a trace.	traga	0	0
Dvojica muškaraca su bili partneri u biznisu.	The two men were business partners.	muškaraca	0	0
Dolazio je juče da te vidi.	He came yesterday to see you.	dolazio	0	0
Štedi energiju. Trebaće ti posle.	Save your energy. You're going to need it later.	energiju	0	0
"Да ли имаш надимак?" "Да, Рик."	"Do you have a nickname?" "Yes, it's Rick."	имаш	0	0
Svi su čekali.	Everybody waited.	čekali	0	0
Zašto me toliko mrziš?	Why do you hate me so much?	mrziš	0	0
Dođi da pogledaš.	Come and take a look.	pogledaš	0	0
U teškoj smo situaciji.	We have our backs to the wall.	situaciji	0	0
Plivanje je oblik vežbanja.	Swimming is a form of exercise.	oblik	0	0
Ja nisam bogat čovek.	I'm not a wealthy man.	bogat	0	0
Ručao sam na brzinu.	I ate a hasty lunch.	brzinu	0	0
Да ли се Тому допао твој дизајн?	Did Tom like your design?	твој	0	0
Да ли стварно мора да идемо на ову журку?	Must we really go to this party?	мора	0	0
Том није имао кеш код себе.	Tom had no cash on him.	код	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	verujte	0	0
Zamislite sebe da ste na mom mestu.	Just put yourself in my shoes.	zamislite	0	0
Svakog koga upoznaš vodi bitku, o kojoj ti ne znaš ništa. Budi ljubazan. Uvek.	Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always.	upoznaš	0	0
Bili su članovi srednje klase.	They were members of the middle class.	srednje	0	0
Ne smemo da gubimo nadu.	We must not lose hope.	gubimo	0	0
Мислим да је боље да одмах одведемо Тома код доктора.	I think we'd better get Tom to a doctor right away.	боље	0	0
Не изгледа ваш добро.	It doesn't look so good.	изгледа	0	0
Nećeš sa mnom do reke?	Won't you go with me to the river?	reke	0	0
Kolika je maloprodajna cena jaja?	What's the retail price of eggs?	cena	0	0
Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	linije	0	0
Šta će se dogoditi ako sada nestane struje?	What will happen if there's a power failure now?	nestane	0	0
Bojim se da sam postavio loš primer.	I'm afraid I've set a bad example.	postavio	0	0
Trudila sam se da budem fina.	I was trying to be nice.	fina	0	0
Da li si jela nešto?	Have you eaten anything?	jela	0	0
Dovlači guzicu ovamo!	Get your ass over here!	guzicu	0	0
Gde je toalet?	Where is the latrine?	toalet	0	0
Dajte mi ključ, i ja ću otključati svemir.	Give me a key, and I will unlock the universe.	svemir	0	0
Kako bi se osećao ako bi te napustila žena?	How would you feel if your wife left you?	napustila	0	0
Можете да поченете.	You may begin.	можете	0	0
Reci svom sinu da prestane da maltretira moju ćerku.	Tell your son to quit harassing my daughter.	prestane	0	0
Kada sam se jutros probudio, osetio sam blagu mučninu.	When I woke up this morning, I felt a little ill.	osetio	0	0
Hajde da pogledamo opet.	Let's watch that again.	pogledamo	0	0
Nisam toliko visok kao ti.	I'm not as tall as you.	visok	0	0
Čuo sam da si se oženio.	I heard you just got married.	oženio	0	0
Слушај своје родитеље!	Listen to your parents.	своје	0	0
U uspešnom pregovaranju obično pobeđuju obe strane, i niko se ne ponaša na način koji šteti sopstvenim dugoročnim interesima, iako često postoji mala margina oko čega se može pregovarati.	In a successful negotiation both parties usually win, and no one acts in a way that damages their own long-term interests, even though there is often a small margin that one can negotiate about.	ponaša	0	0
Mi ćemo objaviti rezultate ćim ih verificiramo.	We'll announce the results as soon as we verify them.	rezultate	0	0
Tom će da uspe.	Tom'll succeed.	uspe	0	0
Iznenađena sam što nisi znala da Tom zna francuski.	I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom could speak French.	francuski	0	0
Tom je jedan od najboljih advokata u Bostonu.	Tom is one of Boston's best attorneys.	najboljih	0	0
Toma je zapanjio Merin dobar izgled.	Tom was dazzled by Mary's good looks.	izgled	0	0
Reci joj da sam nevin.	Tell her I'm innocent.	nevin	0	0
Tom je ranije pisao članke za lokalne novine.	Tom used to write articles for the local newspaper.	pisao	0	0
Čija je ovo gitara?	Whose guitar is this?	čija	0	0
Rekla sam ti da nisam zauzeta.	I told you I'm not busy.	zauzeta	0	0
Tom se nije ponudio da nam pomogne.	Tom didn't offer to help us.	ponudio	0	0
Knjizi nedostaju drugo, peto i trinaesto poglavlje.	The book is missing the 2nd, 5th, and 13th chapters.	knjizi	0	0
Oluja je imala ozbiljan uticaj na ekonomiju.	The storm had a serious effect on the economy.	oluja	0	0
Stoga zahtevam da mi se sudija izvini i zahtevam da se moje ludilo proglasi ništavnim.	I thus require an apology from the judge and I claim my insanity declared null and void.	stoga	0	0
Imam alergiju na mleko.	I have an allergy to milk.	mleko	0	0
Диносауруси су изумрли пре око шездесет пет милиона година.	Dinosaurs died out about 65 million years ago.	година	0	0
Nema svrhe samo čekati da se nešto dogodi; moraš odmah nešto da preduzmeš.	It's no good waiting for something to happen; you must take action at once.	svrhe	0	0
Jadna sam.	I'm miserable.	jadna	0	0
Tom je predao listu tema koje bi mogle da uđu u plan za godišnji sastanak.	Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.	mogle	0	0
Tom želi da radi u istoj bolnici gde radi Meri.	Tom wants to work at the same hospital where Mary works.	istoj	0	0
Која је твоја крвна група?	What's your blood type?	која	0	0
Možeš da ideš da se igraš sa drugarima kada završiš pospremanje kuće.	You can go play with your friends when your chores are done.	završiš	0	0
Ne interesuje me hoće li naš tim pobediti ili ne.	I don't care if our team wins or not.	interesuje	0	0
Jedan čovek je uhapšen i optužen za namerno ubistvo iz nehata 25-godišnje Marije Tomson.	One man has been arrested and charged with the voluntary manslaughter of 25-year-old Mary Tomson.	uhapšen	0	0
Veoma malo ljudi zna svoju krvnu grupu.	Very few people know what their blood group is.	grupu	0	0
Neki od nas smatraju da su takvi pogledi čisto ludilo.	Some of us find such views to be sheer madness.	takvi	0	0
Kupatilo je na spratu.	The bathroom is upstairs.	kupatilo	0	0
Toma će da pogleda.	Tom will take a look at it.	pogleda	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	želje	0	0
Tom nosi novi kaput.	Tom is wearing a new coat.	kaput	0	0
Mnogo ti hvala za ovu informaciju!	Thank you a lot for this information.	informaciju	0	0
Kaži mi gde živite.	Tell me where you live.	živite	0	0
Neću reći nikom više.	I won't tell anybody else.	nikom	0	0
Ovo je moj kompjuter.	This is my computer.	kompjuter	0	0
Zašto odlazite?	Why are you leaving?	odlazite	0	0
Tom je popunio rupe.	Tom filled up the holes.	rupe	0	0
Znaće šta da urade.	They'll know what to do.	urade	0	0
Ja jedem puno mesa.	I eat a lot of meat.	mesa	0	0
Imitiranje gestova, radnji i ponašanja može biti, ali nije obavezno, svestan čin.	Imitation of gestures, actions and manners may or may not be a conscious act.	čin	0	0
Како иде посао?	How's business?	посао	0	0
Dopala nam se hrana, pogotovo riba.	We liked the food, especially the fish.	pogotovo	0	0
Sigurna sam da ćeš razumeti.	I'm sure you understand.	razumeti	0	0
Doktor je obavio šta je trebao, a da se mala princeza nije ni čula.	The doctor did what he was supposed to, and the little princess was very quiet.	princeza	0	0
Kako je ime tom restoranu?	What's that restaurant's name?	restoranu	0	0
Tom veoma vešto ume da promeni temu razgovora.	Tom is very good at changing the subject.	razgovora	0	0
Imate li vremena da dođete sutra?	Do you have time to come tomorrow?	dođete	0	0
Увек сам кући понедељком.	I'm always home on Monday.	кући	0	0
Molim vas, zaustavite ovde.	Please stop here.	zaustavite	0	0
Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	timu	0	0
Uživaj.	Enjoy yourself.	uživaj	0	0
Tvoj odgovor je pogrešan.	Your answer is wrong.	pogrešan	0	0
Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	dobrim	0	0
Svila je skupa.	Silk is expensive.	skupa	0	0
Tom često nosi crno.	Tom often wears black.	crno	0	0
Da bi promenio crveno meso, skuvao sam ćureće grudi u sosu od pečuraka za večeras.	For a bit of a change from red meat, for tonight I've cooked turkey breasts in mushroom sauce.	crveno	0	0
Zašto je slikanje vozova interesantno?	Why is taking pictures of trains interesting?	interesantno	0	0
Sećam se nečeg u vezi s tim.	I remember something about that.	nečeg	0	0
Koju si prvu pesmu ikad napisala?	What was the first song you ever wrote?	napisala	0	0
Diži se odatle, lezileboviću!	Get up already, you lazybones!	diži	0	0
Sve se promenilo.	Everything's changed.	promenilo	0	0
Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	prešao	0	0
Trudim se najviše što mogu ovde.	I'm trying my best here.	trudim	0	0
Želiš li da uđeš?	Did you want to come in?	uđeš	0	0
Tom je skoro poginuo u pokušaju da me spase.	Tom almost died trying to save me.	poginuo	0	0
Хоћу да идем у хотел.	I want to go to the hotel.	идем	0	0
Go sam.	I'm naked.	go	0	0
Tom ima lepu baštu.	Tom has a beautiful garden.	lepu	0	0
Volim pse.	I like dogs.	pse	0	0
Kad sam shvatio da sam najvažnije izostavio iz govora, već je bilo prekasno.	I discovered too late that I left out the most important part of my speech.	najvažnije	0	0
Tom je odneo paket u sirotilište.	Tom delivered the package to the orphanage.	paket	0	0
Zoološki vrt je zatvoren ponedeljkom.	The zoo is closed on Mondays.	zatvoren	0	0
Boji se da se uplete u plaćanje velikih svoti.	He's afraid to involve himself in paying large sums.	velikih	0	0
Bilo je to toplo letnje veče.	It was a warm summer evening.	toplo	0	0
Kafa bi dobro došla.	Coffee would be nice.	kafa	0	0
A ja sam bio mislio da si otvoren za nove ideje i nepristrasnu raspravu.	And I thought you were open to new ideas and open-minded discussion.	otvoren	0	0
Odbio je da da komentar.	He declined to comment.	odbio	0	0
Ućuti!	Shut up!	ućuti	0	0
J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	istraživanje	0	0
Šta misliš, koji članak je bio najčitaniji ove godine na japanskoj verziji Vikipedije?	What do you think was the most read article this year on the Japanese version of Wikipedia?	članak	0	0
Niko nije brz kao vi.	Nobody's as fast as you.	brz	0	0
Tom nije imao hrabrosti da uradi ono što želi.	Tom didn't have the courage to do what he wanted to do.	hrabrosti	0	0
Spavaj nekoliko sati.	Get a few hours sleep.	spavaj	0	0
Nemoj piti vodu.	Don't drink the water.	piti	0	0
Bela porodica će doći u Tokijo u pola jedanaest.	The White family will arrive in Tokyo at ten thirty.	bela	0	0
Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	vojske	0	0
Tom je počeo da uči Francuski prošle godine.	Tom started learning French last year.	uči	0	0
Umirem od gladi.	I'm starving.	gladi	0	0
Najbolji način da izgubiš kilažu je da manje jedeš i više vežbaš.	The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.	izgubiš	0	0
Lekove uglavnom ne treba mešati sa alkoholom.	Medication and alcohol often don't mix.	lekove	0	0
Naleteo sam na svoga prijatelja.	I ran into my friend.	svoga	0	0
Prigušuju svetla. Predstava samo što nije počela.	They're dimming the lights. The play is about to begin.	predstava	0	0
Šta je ta crvena stvarčica?	What's that red stuff?	crvena	0	0
Možeš da počneš odmah.	You can start right now.	počneš	0	0
Tom ne vidi ništa loše u tome da dozvoli Mariji da nauči da vozi.	Tom doesn't see anything wrong with letting Mary learn to drive.	nauči	0	0
Ova knjiga je pisana na prostom engleskom, tako da bi trebalo da ti bude lako da je čitaš.	This book is written in simple English, so it should be easy for you to read.	čitaš	0	0
Jedan je senator nazvao predsednika druge zemlje, oficirem stare obaveštajne službe koji bi želeo da povrati staru imperiju te zemlje.	One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.	staru	0	0
Da teži da maksimizira sopstveni interes, sreću ili sigurnost izgleda veoma prirodno za jedno ljudsko biće.	To strive for maximization of self interest, happiness or security seems very natural for a human being.	prirodno	0	0
Znamo da si kukavica.	We know you're a coward.	kukavica	0	0
Mode zastarevaju i umiru.	Fashions grow old and die.	umiru	0	0
Uvek pomislim na to.	I always think about it.	pomislim	0	0
Данас је веома важан дан за нас.	Today's a very important day for us.	дан	0	0
Jesi li i dalje ljubomoran?	Are you still jealous?	ljubomoran	0	0
Meri je uzela slobodno zbog putovanja.	Mary took some time off to travel.	putovanja	0	0
Drago mi je što je uspelo.	I'm glad it worked out.	uspelo	0	0
Mnogo mi je pomoglo.	It's been a great help.	pomoglo	0	0
Имам два цвета.	I have two flowers.	два	0	0
Tom svako veče zapiše nešto u dnevnik, koliko god da je umoran.	Tom writes something in his diary every evening, no matter how tired he is.	dnevnik	0	0
Sigurno će Tom da pobedi.	Tom is sure to win.	pobedi	0	0
Uplašen sam.	I'm afraid.	uplašen	0	0
Tom je došao da me vidi juče u podne.	Tom came to meet me yesterday afternoon.	podne	0	0
Naučnici veruju da pronalazak uvek dolazi kao grom iz vedra neba.	Researchers believe that discovery always comes like a bolt from the blue.	neba	0	0
Tom nije taj koji je popio sve mleko.	Tom wasn't the one who drank all the milk.	popio	0	0
Većina ljudi me smatra ludim.	Most people think I'm crazy.	smatra	0	0
Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	crkve	0	0
Kada mu je bilo šest godina naučio je da kuca na pisaćoj mašini, i rekao je učitelju da ne treba da uči da piše rukom.	At the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand.	kuca	0	0
Tom je nosio crne farmerice i belu majicu.	Tom wore black jeans and a white T-shirt.	crne	0	0
Zašto se ne igraš sa ostalima?	Why don't you play with the others?	ostalima	0	0
Tomu se sviđaju oboje.	Tom likes them both.	sviđaju	0	0
Zašto si još budan? Treba da ideš u krevet.	Why are you still up? You should get to bed.	budan	0	0
Pomozite nam da pronađemo ovu karticu.	Please help us track this card.	pronađemo	0	0
Zašto nisi dozvolio Tomi da priča s Marijom?	Why didn't you let Tom talk to Mary?	dozvolio	0	0
Umalo da zaboravim pasoš.	I almost forgot my passport.	umalo	0	0
Novi ustav neće rešiti probleme Egipta.	The new constitution will not solve the problems of Egypt.	rešiti	0	0
Imam utisak da je on prilično arogantan.	I have the impression that he is quite arrogant.	utisak	0	0
Najveći izazov sa kojim će se projekat suočiti jeste dostupnost radnika sa sposobnostima koje su potrebne da bi projekat doživeo procvat.	The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.	projekat	0	0
Jesi li ikada doživeo saobraćajnu nesreću?	Have you ever been in a traffic accident?	nesreću	0	0
Gde si, pobogu, bio dosad?	Where on earth have you been all this time?	dosad	0	0
Sada dolazimo do prve stavke sa liste.	Now we come to the first agenda item.	dolazimo	0	0
Predsednik je ignorisao protestante izvan svoje kancelarije.	The president ignored the protesters outside his office.	kancelarije	0	0
Tom će da shvati.	Tom'll understand.	shvati	0	0
Ništa nije besplatno.	Nothing's free.	besplatno	0	0
Боже драги!	Good God!	боже	0	0
Stoga zahtevam da mi se sudija izvini i zahtevam da se moje ludilo proglasi ništavnim.	I thus require an apology from the judge and I claim my insanity declared null and void.	ludilo	0	0
Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	sposoban	0	0
To je bio pogodak na sreću.	It was a lucky guess.	pogodak	0	0
Kupatilo je na spratu.	The bathroom is upstairs.	spratu	0	0
Нећу ништа више да ти тражим данас.	I won't ask you anything else today.	нећу	0	0
Zašto odlaziš?	Why are you leaving?	odlaziš	0	0
Ljudi se bore gvožđem za zlato.	Men fight with iron for gold.	bore	0	0
Tom je slušao Meri kako recituje pesmu koju je upamtila.	Tom listened to Mary recite the poem that she had memorized.	slušao	0	0
Tom više nije član ovog kluba.	Tom is no longer a member of this club.	kluba	0	0
Nismo ovo imali u planu za vas.	This isn't what we envisioned for you.	planu	0	0
Poverio sam ti svoju tajnu a ti si me izdao.	I trusted you with my secret and you betrayed me.	izdao	0	0
Slušanje muzike je moj omiljeni vid relaksacije.	Listening to music is my favourite relaxation.	omiljeni	0	0
Pokupi Toma da pođemo.	Get Tom to leave.	pokupi	0	0
Utrnula mi je leva noga.	My left foot is asleep.	noga	0	0
Toliko mi nedostaješ.	I miss you so much.	nedostaješ	0	0
Pokušaću da ih nađem	I'll try to find them.	pokušaću	0	0
Том опсова кад му скуп телефон испаде у WC шољу.	Tom swore when his expensive smartphone fell into the toilet.	wc	0	0
Pozovite me ako Vam treba još nešto.	Call me again if you need more help.	pozovite	0	0
Jesam li zaljubljena?	Am I in love?	zaljubljena	0	0
Podmitljivi zvaničnici vlade su pobegli iz zemlje.	The corrupt government officials fled the country.	vlade	0	0
Požar je zahvatio prvi sprat.	The fire was on the first floor.	požar	0	0
Ne brini, u dobrom si društvu.	Don't worry, you're in good company.	društvu	0	0
Uređaj koristite dok vas ne upozori da napunite bateriju i onda je punite 5 sati da bi postigli maksimalni kapacitet.	Use the device until it warns you to charge the battery and then charge it for 5 hours to reach the maximum capacity.	uređaj	0	0
Volim da nosim suknje dužine do kolena.	I like to wear my skirts knee length.	kolena	0	0
Elektronika obezbeđuje višestepeno i jednostavno prilagođavanje protoka vazduha.	A simple multi-stage adjustment of the air flow is provided electronically.	vazduha	0	0
Ima istine u onome što Tom priča.	There is some truth in what Tom says.	istine	0	0
To treba da radiš negde drugde.	You need to do that somewhere else.	drugde	0	0
Nadam se da se ovo više nikada neće ponoviti.	Let's hope this never happens again.	ponoviti	0	0
Мислио сам да смо успели да то урадимо како ваља.	I thought we'd managed to do that right.	мислио	0	0
Plaćam nekoga da mi počisti kuću.	I pay someone to clean my house.	plaćam	0	0
Meri je planer za venčanja.	Mary is a wedding planner.	venčanja	0	0
Daj da ti pokažem gde da staviš to.	Let me show you where to put that.	staviš	0	0
Kako je ona izgledala?	What did she look like?	izgledala	0	0
Није реткост рећи то.	That's not an uncommon thing to say.	рећи	0	0
Tom se popeo uz stepenice.	Tom climbed the stairs.	stepenice	0	0
Ova poznata glumica je bila i modna ikona.	This famous actress was also a fashion icon.	poznata	0	0
Treba mi to ulje koje pomaže pri osipu i za suvu kožu.	I need the oil that helps with rashes and dry skin.	kožu	0	0
To je oblast sa mnogo novih kuća.	It's an area with a lot of new houses.	novih	0	0
Slatki snovi!	Sweet dreams!	slatki	0	0
Ne mogu da zamislim da radim to.	I can't imagine doing that.	zamislim	0	0
Najbolji roditelji od svih su oni koji dopuste svojoj deci da prate svoje urođene talente.	The best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.	prate	0	0
Možete li da mi date znak?	Can you give me a sign?	date	0	0
Ovde smo kako bismo igrali golf.	We're here to play golf.	golf	0	0
Koliko taj sendvič ima kalorija?	How many calories are there in that sandwich?	sendvič	0	0
Da li si očekivala da se dogodi nešto drugo?	Did you expect something else to happen?	očekivala	0	0
Taj dečak priča kao odrasla osoba.	That boy speaks like an adult.	odrasla	0	0
To je višefazni proces.	It is a multi-stage process.	proces	0	0
Postalo je mračno.	It's become dark.	postalo	0	0
Izračunali smo da možemo da dođemo do tog mesta u roku od dve nedelje.	We calculated that we could reach the place within two weeks.	dođemo	0	0
Tom nije bio zgodan koliko je Mari rekla da će biti.	Tom wasn't as handsome as Mary said he was.	mari	0	0
Užasan sam pisac.	I'm a terrible writer.	pisac	0	0
Gubite.	You're losing.	gubite	0	0
Tom mi je dao parče papira na kome je pisala njegova adresa.	Tom handed me a piece of paper with his address written on it.	adresa	0	0
Nadam se da mogu da napišem dve ili tri pesme tokom vikenda.	I'm hoping that I can write two or three songs over the weekend.	vikenda	0	0
Najveći izazov sa kojim će se projekat suočiti jeste dostupnost radnika sa sposobnostima koje su potrebne da bi projekat doživeo procvat.	The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.	izazov	0	0
Imam šefa koji je mnogo mlađi od mene.	I have a boss who's much younger than me.	mlađi	0	0
Zaboravili smo.	We forgot.	zaboravili	0	0
U velikom stepenu je ljudska aktivnost doprinela poremećaju prirodnih balansa.	To a large degree, human activity has contributed to upsetting nature's balances.	ljudska	0	0
Зашто ово радиш, ако смем да питам?	Why are you doing this, if I may ask?	радиш	0	0
Tom je političar koji mora da se pripremi da proguta mnogo toga što je ranije rekao.	Tom is a politician who must be prepared to swallow a lot of the words he said earlier.	pripremi	0	0
Mislim da je Tom oprezan.	I think Tom is careful.	oprezan	0	0
Tom se krije ispod stola.	Tom is hiding under the table.	stola	0	0
Promenio sam raspored.	I rescheduled.	raspored	0	0
Sada je odličan trenutak za kupovinu takvog.	Now is a great time to buy one of those.	takvog	0	0
Tom je poslao sina u krevet bez večere.	Tom sent his son to bed without dinner.	večere	0	0
Tom pokaza ka nebu.	Tom pointed to the sky.	nebu	0	0
Ljudski je grešiti, praštati je božanski.	To err is human, to forgive divine.	ljudski	0	0
Mogao bih da popričam s Tomom.	I could talk to Tom.	popričam	0	0
Tom puni trinaest.	Tom is turning thirteen.	puni	0	0
Ne mogu da se setim melodije te pesme.	I can't remember the melody of that song.	setim	0	0
Doneću ti nešto.	I'll get you something.	doneću	0	0
Zamalo da ans uhvate nekoliko puta.	We almost got caught a few times.	uhvate	0	0
Обе реченице значе исту ствар.	Both sentences mean the same thing.	ствар	0	0
Hajde da ostavimo to po strani.	Let's give that a rest.	ostavimo	0	0
Knjige imaju svoju sudbinu.	Books have a fate of their own.	sudbinu	0	0
Bilo je tako puno ljudi u vozu, da sam morao da stojim.	The train was so packed that I had to stand up during the whole trip.	stojim	0	0
Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	sistema	0	0
Iznenađen sam što nisi znao da je Tom upao na Harvard.	I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom got into Harvard.	iznenađen	0	0
"Imaš već 21 godinu, i još uživaš u vožnji unazad!" "Samo sam..." "Stiopa, nisam mislio na tebe!"	"You are twenty-one already, and still you are enjoying reversed clips!" "I just..." "Styopa, I didn't mean you!"	unazad	0	0
Том ми је рекао да сам превише стара за њега.	Tom told me I was too old for him.	њега	0	0
Kišna sezona počinje u junu.	Rainy season begins in June.	sezona	0	0
Tom je umro u snu.	Tom died in his sleep.	snu	0	0
Pomozite nam da pronađemo ovu karticu.	Please help us track this card.	karticu	0	0
Voleti i biti voljen je najveća sreća.	To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.	voleti	0	0
Za neke čudne ljude znanje nekog jezika se drži u tajnosti.	Some strange people keep knowledge of a language secret.	znanje	0	0
Никада нисам причао с Томом.	I've never spoken with Tom.	никада	0	0
Izašli su rezultati ispita iz matematike!	The maths exam results are out!	izašli	0	0
Ne zaboravi da napišeš datum.	Don't forget to write the date.	datum	0	0
То је добар знак.	It's a good sign.	добар	0	0
Šta ti ono beše radiš?	What is it you do again?	beše	0	0
Tom je uzeo slobodne dane da otputuje na Tajland.	Tom took some time off to travel to Thailand.	dane	0	0
Probao sam da budem agresivan.	I tried to be aggressive.	probao	0	0
Počisti ovaj nered.	Clean up this mess.	nered	0	0
Da li si sveštenik?	Are you a priest?	sveštenik	0	0
Koliko god malo znamo o njenom poreklu, bar možemo biti sigurni da je pilot Evangeliona.	Little as we know about her origins, we can at least be sure that she is a pilot of Evangelion.	pilot	0	0
Napravio je ogroman profit investirajući na tržište akcija.	He made a killing by investing in the stock market.	ogroman	0	0
Ko je slomio šoljicu?	Who broke the mug?	slomio	0	0
Jesu li Amerikanci zaista tako individualni?	Are Americans really so individualistic?	amerikanci	0	0
Saobraćajne nesreće se dešavaju svakog dana.	Traffic accidents happen every day.	nesreće	0	0
Ja sam pio mleko.	I drank milk.	pio	0	0
Svi su sedeli za stolom.	Everyone was sitting at the table.	stolom	0	0
Spustite oružija.	Put your weapons down.	spustite	0	0
Veličina brushaltera u Japanu je manja od brushaltera istog broja na zapadu, zbog manje prosečne veličine grudi.	Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.	veličine	0	0
Ovo samo po sebi nije nešto novo za mene, ali je taj par želeo da živi u udobnom domu, što je zahtevalo sveobuhvatno renoviranje.	This is in itself not new for me, but the couple wanted to live in a comfortable home, which called for an extensive renovation.	domu	0	0
Samo mi se makni s puta.	Just get out of my way.	makni	0	0
Da li želiš da vidiš totalno pomračenje Sunca koje će ostaviti Svalbard u mraku 20. Marta 2015.?	Do you want to see the total solar eclipse that will leave Svalbard in the dark on March 20, 2015?	mraku	0	0
Мама, кући сам.	Mom, I'm home.	мама	0	0
Том је имао неколико питања која је желео да пита Мери.	Tom had several questions he wanted to ask Mary.	имао	0	0
Svi mi primismo blagoslov za blagoslovom od svemoguće njene milosti.	We have all received one blessing after another from the fullness of his grace.	milosti	0	0
Šta ti mami osmeh?	What makes you smile?	osmeh	0	0
Не бих се удала за Тома па све и да је најбогатији човек на свету.	I wouldn't marry Tom even if he were the richest man in the world.	човек	0	0
Mari je sa prozora skočila u reku.	Marie jumped from the window into the river.	prozora	0	0
Kako se osećate danas?	How are we feeling today?	osećate	0	0
Imamo pet prstiju na svakoj ruci.	We have five fingers on each hand.	svakoj	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	suprotno	0	0
Tom se sagnuo iza automobila.	Tom ducked behind a car.	automobila	0	0
Leva strana Tomove kuće je u Konektikatu, a destra strana je u Njujorku.	The left side of Tom's home is in Connecticut, while the right side is in New York.	njujorku	0	0
Mačke ubijaju pacove.	Cats kill rats.	ubijaju	0	0
Uplašena sam.	I'm afraid.	uplašena	0	0
Za to je potrebna hrabrost.	It takes courage.	hrabrost	0	0
Na moru su ostrva.	There are islands in the sea.	ostrva	0	0
Testiranje novog motora će se obaviti danas.	The test of the new engine takes place today.	obaviti	0	0
To je doktor naredio.	That's what the doctor ordered.	naredio	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	takvih	0	0
On je čovek snažne volje.	He is a man of strong will.	volje	0	0
Da teži da maksimizira sopstveni interes, sreću ili sigurnost izgleda veoma prirodno za jedno ljudsko biće.	To strive for maximization of self interest, happiness or security seems very natural for a human being.	sigurnost	0	0
Roditelji su mi umrli.	My parents are dead.	umrli	0	0
Ti i ja imamo istoriju.	You and I go way back.	istoriju	0	0
Veoma sam ponosna na to.	I'm very proud of that.	ponosna	0	0
Tom će odustati u ponedeljak.	Tom will quit on Monday.	odustati	0	0
Svi budući sastanci biće održani u ovoj sobi.	All future meetings will be held in this room.	budući	0	0
Karta, molim.	Ticket, please.	karta	0	0
Никад не губи наду.	Never give up hope.	никад	0	0
Meri ne može da podnese Tomovog šefa jer je muška šovinistička svinja.	Mary can't stand Tom's boss, because he's a male chauvinist pig.	svinja	0	0
Naporno sam učio dok sam bio u školi.	I studied hard when I was in school.	naporno	0	0
Imamo jednu žrtvu.	We've got one casualty.	žrtvu	0	0
Pronašli smo otiske stopala u pesku.	We found the footprints in the sand.	otiske	0	0
Možeš da svu robu šalješ poštom privatnim osobama i kompanijama.	You can use the post office to ship any goods to private individuals and companies.	robu	0	0
Tom je otrčao u šumu.	Tom ran into the woods.	šumu	0	0
"Učite iz svojih grešaka" i "Iskustvo je najbolji učitelj", kažu, ali na duge staze čak i najbolji učitelj pobesni, ako on ili ona ima previše da predaje u premalo vremena.	"Learn from your mistakes" and "Experience is the best teacher" they say, but in the long run even the best teacher gets mad, if he or she has too much to teach in too little time.	učitelj	0	0
Tom će da se seti.	Tom'll remember.	seti	0	0
Nije dovoljno hrabar.	He doesn't have the courage.	hrabar	0	0
Tom nije imao šta da izgubi.	Tom had nothing to lose.	izgubi	0	0
Moj instruktor za vožnju kaže da treba da budem strpljiviji.	My driving instructor says I should be more patient.	vožnju	0	0
После тишине, оно што најпрецизније исказује неизрециво, јесте музика.	After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.	јесте	0	0
Ево примера.	Here's an example.	ево	0	0
Povuci se unazad.	Step back.	povuci	0	0
Тата, можеш ли да ми прочиташ једну причу, пре него што одем на спавање?	Daddy, can you read me a story before I go to sleep?	тата	0	0
On je čovek koji štedi na rečima.	He is a man of few words.	rečima	0	0
Ja imam poverenje u tebe.	I have confidence in you.	poverenje	0	0
Da li ste upoznati sa dotičnim čovekom?	Are you acquainted with the man?	čovekom	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	dobijam	0	0
Tom veoma vešto ume da promeni temu razgovora.	Tom is very good at changing the subject.	ume	0	0
Kako si otkrila Tomovo skrovište?	How did you discover Tom's hiding place?	otkrila	0	0
Tom će dati otkaz u ponedeljak.	Tom will quit on Monday.	ponedeljak	0	0
Moglo bi da bude bilo čije.	It could be anyone's.	čije	0	0
Više je umetnost, a ne nauka.	It's an art more than a science.	umetnost	0	0
Upucao sam medveda.	I shot a bear.	upucao	0	0
Da čujemo tvoj izgovor.	Let's hear your excuse.	izgovor	0	0
Nikada ranije nismo igrali fudbal.	I've never played soccer before.	igrali	0	0
Koje filmove si gledala u poslednje vreme?	What movies have you watched lately?	filmove	0	0
To više ne igra nikakvu ulogu.	It's not important anymore.	nikakvu	0	0
Tom je prouzrokovao mnogo nevolja.	Tom has been causing a lot of problems.	nevolja	0	0
Koliko će dugo Tom izdržati?	How long will Tom last?	izdržati	0	0
Gubim.	I'm losing.	gubim	0	0
Obezbeđenje je povećano u gradu.	Security was increased in the city.	obezbeđenje	0	0
Preklinjem vas da ponovo razmislite.	I beg you to reconsider.	preklinjem	0	0
Mislio sam da si udata.	I thought you were married.	udata	0	0
Voleo bih da sam se ja setio toga.	I wish I'd thought of that.	setio	0	0
Aerodrom je odmah pored.	The airport is close at hand.	aerodrom	0	0
Možemo da mnogo naučimo o ratno-istorijskom događaju kao što je progrom Jevreja i možemo da osiguramo da se ovo slično nikada ne ponovi.	We can learn a lot about an historical event such as the persecution of the Jews and make sure that something similar does not happen again.	ponovi	0	0
Obojica smo bogati.	We're both rich.	bogati	0	0
Nosite ovo.	Carry this.	nosite	0	0
Bliski smo prijatelji.	We're close friends.	bliski	0	0
Zapravo uopšte nisam morao da se odmaram, ali nisam ni želeo da odmah nastavim sa putovanjima, jer sam bio zanesem velikom radoznalošću.	I did not actually need to rest at all, but nor did I wish to continue my travels right away, for I had become enthralled by great curiosity.	nastavim	0	0
Ne možeš da igraš tenis po vetrovitom danu.	You can't play tennis on a windy day.	danu	0	0
Хајде, дај ми то.	Come on, give it to me.	дај	0	0
On želi da se otarasi bolnih sećanja.	He wishes to erase bad memories.	sećanja	0	0
Predugo su prekoračenja išla korak po korak, kada je konačno izbio rat.	The rules were overstepped one step at a time for too long until war finally broke out.	predugo	0	0
Uskoro ću kupili čamac. Kakvo osiguranje treba da izaberem?	I'll buy a boat soon. What type of insurance should I choose?	čamac	0	0
Odluči se, Tome.	What'll it be, Tom?	odluči	0	0
Tom veoma dobro svira klavir.	Tom is very good at playing the piano.	svira	0	0
Predlog je sproveden glasanjem dizanjem ruku.	The motion was carried by a show of hands.	predlog	0	0
Tim iz obezbeđenja je proverio ima li eksploziva u automobilu.	The security team checked the car for explosives.	proverio	0	0
Otići ću jedan dan ranije nego što sam planirao.	I'm going to leave one day earlier than I had planned to.	planirao	0	0
Tom se sa porodicom odselio u Australiju.	Tom and his family emigrated to Australia.	porodicom	0	0
Zbog laži je upao u nevolju kada je njegov šef saznao istinu.	The lie got him in trouble when his boss found out the truth.	nevolju	0	0
Moj otac je popravio polomljenu stolicu.	My father fixed a broken chair.	stolicu	0	0
Загрлите живот!	Embrace life!	живот	0	0
Iskreno sumnjam da će ti Tom odgovoriti.	I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will write back.	odgovoriti	0	0
Veoma ste lepi.	You're very beautiful.	lepi	0	0
Da li želiš da vidiš totalno pomračenje Sunca koje će ostaviti Svalbard u mraku 20. Marta 2015.?	Do you want to see the total solar eclipse that will leave Svalbard in the dark on March 20, 2015?	marta	0	0
Mašta je bitnija od znanja. Znanje je ograničeno.	Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited.	znanja	0	0
Dopusti nam da ti pomognemo.	Please let us help you.	dopusti	0	0
Imam dve mačke.	I have two cats.	mačke	0	0
Oni su mi bili jedan od omiljenih bendova u srednjoj školi.	They were one of my favorite bands in high school.	srednjoj	0	0
Najzad smo stigli!	At last, we have arrived!	najzad	0	0
Г. Џексон је био мој наставник француског када сам био у средњој школи.	Mr. Jackson was my French teacher when I was in high school.	г	0	0
Ma koliko da je Tom zauzet, nikad ne zaboravlja da napiše mejl svojoj majci barem jednom nedeljno.	No matter how busy Tom gets, he never forgets to write an email to his mother at least once a week.	nedeljno	0	0
Struja Hambolt je hladna okeanska struja koja struji duž zapadne obale Južne Amerike.	The Humboldt current is a cold ocean current that flows north along the west coast of South America.	amerike	0	0
Situacija je bila krajnje opasna; bilo je pitanje života i smrti.	The situation was extremely dangerous; it was a matter of life and death.	opasna	0	0
Molim te, uradi što god misliš da je neophodno.	Please do whatever you think is necessary.	neophodno	0	0
Prestanite da se trudite da me napravite krivom.	Stop trying to make me feel guilty.	napravite	0	0
To mi je omiljena majica, i uvek je perem na ruke.	That's my favorite shirt, and I always wash it by hand.	omiljena	0	0
Pravimo roštilj.	We're having a barbecue.	pravimo	0	0
Da li ti smeta ako otvorim prozor?	Do you mind if I open the window?	otvorim	0	0
Jabuka je pala sa drveta.	The apple fell from the tree.	drveta	0	0
Da li se sada vraćaš?	Are you going back now?	vraćaš	0	0
Požar je zahvatio prvi sprat.	The fire was on the first floor.	sprat	0	0
Дај им новац.	Give them money.	им	0	0
Ona nastavlja da kuka kako nema vremena.	She keeps moaning that she has no time.	nastavlja	0	0
Bio je veliki uspeh.	It was a huge success.	uspeh	0	0
Nervozna sam.	I'm nervous.	nervozna	0	0
Eva je dala Adamu jabuku znanja.	Eve gave Adam the apple of knowledge.	eva	0	0
Tom ne može ništa povodom toga.	Tom can't help that.	povodom	0	0
Daj da probam drugog.	Let me try another one.	probam	0	0
Molim vas, pošaljite mi doktorov račun.	Please send me the doctor's bill.	pošaljite	0	0
Ovo je bilo na listi.	This was on the list.	listi	0	0
Zašto mi ga daješ sada?	Why give it to me now?	daješ	0	0
Da li si ikada poželeo da živiš na ostrvu?	Have you ever wanted to live on an island?	ostrvu	0	0
Meri provodi mnogo vremena na telefonu, šaljući poruke i mejlove prijateljima.	Mary spends a lot of time on her phone, texting and e-mailing her friends.	telefonu	0	0
Nedelja ima sedam dana: ponedeljak, utorak, sreda, četvrtak, petak, subota i nedelja.	A week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.	utorak	0	0
Komitet preporučuje da oni koji su se žalili treba da budu nadoknađeni sa proporcionalnim delom godišnje naknade sa kamatama.	The Committee recommended that those complaining should be reimbursed with a proportionate share of the annual fee with interest.	godišnje	0	0
Njegov mlađi brat je poznati fudbaler.	His little brother is a famous soccer player.	poznati	0	0
Doktor ispituje pacijenta.	The doctor examines the patient.	pacijenta	0	0
Немој да ме повредиш!	Don't hurt me!	немој	0	0
Ostajem.	I'm staying.	ostajem	0	0
Sproveo sam analizu koja je pokazala da bi bilo potrebno mnogo više novca nego što su ranije očekivali.	I carried out an analysis that showed that much more money would be needed than they had previously anticipated.	pokazala	0	0
Tatoeba ti podiže samopouzdanje i inspiriše te da nastaviš da se trudiš.	Tatoeba boosts your confidence and you are inspired to try further.	nastaviš	0	0
Obriši usne salvetom.	Clean your lips with the napkin.	usne	0	0
Vera može da pokreće planine.	Faith can move mountains.	vera	0	0
Ne svaljujem krivicu.	I'm not assigning blame.	krivicu	0	0
Da li smo sada na sigurnom?	Are we safe now?	sigurnom	0	0
Tom kaže da si ga ti naterao da to uradi.	Tom says you talked him into doing it.	naterao	0	0
С времена на време осећам се тужно.	I feel sad every now and then.	времена	0	0
Čak ni glavni detektiv kao Tom ne može da savlada sve probleme bez značajne pomoći kolega i saradnika.	Even a chief detective like Tom fails in doing his job, without the huge help of colleagues and associates.	kolega	0	0
Napravio je ogroman profit investirajući na tržište akcija.	He made a killing by investing in the stock market.	akcija	0	0
Idem u crkvu samo iz poštovanja prema mojoj majci.	I only go to church out of duty to my mother.	poštovanja	0	0
Нисам хтео да Том зна да сам га видео.	I didn't want Tom to know I'd seen him.	видео	0	0
Tom nikad ne bi priznao to.	Tom would never admit that.	priznao	0	0
Obećala sam.	I promised.	obećala	0	0
Koliko često kačiš snimke na Jutjub?	How often do you upload videos to YouTube?	snimke	0	0
Čim završim sa izveštajem, poslaću ti ga.	As soon as I finish writing the report, I'll send it to you.	poslaću	0	0
Prazan je.	It's empty.	prazan	0	0
Slatki snovi!	Sweet dreams!	snovi	0	0
Radna grupa koja se bavi transferom podataka, vodjena od strane Bena Manija, će održati sastanak 14 januara 1999.	The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.	bavi	0	0
Bilo je potrebno četiri kilograma zlata da se pozlate pobedničke medalje.	Nine pounds of gold was needed to gild the victory medals.	zlata	0	0
Bio sam vrlo zainteresovan da učestvujem u izgradnji intezivnijeg akademskog plana za programiranje.	I was very interested in taking part in building a stronger academic curriculum regarding programming.	zainteresovan	0	0
Tom je dao obećanje.	Tom made a promise.	obećanje	0	0
Struja Hambolt je hladna okeanska struja koja struji duž zapadne obale Južne Amerike.	The Humboldt current is a cold ocean current that flows north along the west coast of South America.	obale	0	0
Том је недавно објавио своју прву књигу.	Tom recently published his first book.	своју	0	0
Uskoro ću kupili čamac. Kakvo osiguranje treba da izaberem?	I'll buy a boat soon. What type of insurance should I choose?	kupili	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	pojaviti	0	0
Nisam se brinuo zbog toga.	I wasn't worried about it.	brinuo	0	0
Tom je otpio malo čaja.	Tom sipped some tea.	čaja	0	0
To su ohrabrujuće novosti.	That's encouraging news.	novosti	0	0
Prijateljstvo im se postepeno pretvaralo u ljubav.	Their friendship gradually turned into love.	prijateljstvo	0	0
J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	j	0	0
Pozvaću je telefonom večeras.	I'll phone her tonight.	telefonom	0	0
Pozivao sam ih nekoliko puta, ali oni nikada nisu došli u posetu.	Time after time I've invited them to come over and visit us but time and time again they've never come.	posetu	0	0
Tom je imao trulo leto.	Tom had a rotten summer.	leto	0	0
Pisac knjige "Poslednji mohikanac", Džejms Fenimor Kuper je bio prvi borac za zaštitu prirode.	The author of "The Last of the Mohicans", James Fenimore Cooper, was the first environmentalist.	prirode	0	0
Odmah ću se baciti na to.	I'll get right on that.	baciti	0	0
Toma je spasila Meri.	Tom was rescued by Mary.	spasila	0	0
Potrebna mi je iskrena devojka.	I need a sincere girlfriend.	iskrena	0	0
Nikad ne gubimo nadu.	Let's never lose hope.	nadu	0	0
Volim kabilsku kuhinju.	I love Kabyle cooking.	kuhinju	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	unapred	0	0
Tom je upravo počeo da plače.	Tom just started crying.	plače	0	0
Ima mnogo toga da naučiš o muškarcima.	You have a lot to learn about men.	naučiš	0	0
Preklinjem vas da ponovo razmislite.	I beg you to reconsider.	razmislite	0	0
Никад нећеш погодити шта сам данас урадила.	You'll never guess what I did today.	данас	0	0
Узимај ово три пута на дан.	Take this three times a day.	три	0	0
Nisam imao nikakvih pritužbi do sada.	I haven't had any complaints so far.	nikakvih	0	0
Купио сам само пет књига јер нису имали више.	I bought only five books because they didn't have more.	нису	0	0
Волим Томово друштво.	I like Tom's friends.	волим	0	0
Nadajmo se da ste u pravu.	Let's hope you're right.	nadajmo	0	0
Ko pre devojci, njemu devojka.	First come, first served.	devojci	0	0
Plaćam nekoga da mi čisti kuću.	I pay someone to clean my house.	čisti	0	0
Ova tužna priča je napisana u vreme kada je Tom bio u izgnanstvu.	This sad story was written at a time when Tom was in exile.	tužna	0	0
Reći ću samo: ti si predivna.	But I will say this: You are gorgeous.	predivna	0	0
Postoji mnogo galaksija u svemiru.	There are many galaxies in the universe.	svemiru	0	0
Mislila sam da je Tomu išlo dobro.	I thought Tom did well.	išlo	0	0
Tom te je prevario.	Tom has tricked you.	prevario	0	0
Za svakog muškog lika postoji ženska verzija.	For every given male character, there is a female version of that character.	ženska	0	0
Pokažite mi dokumenta.	Show me your documents.	dokumenta	0	0
Tom mora da se odmori.	Tom needs his rest.	odmori	0	0
Izlazite odatle.	Come out of there.	izlazite	0	0
Dođite da mi pomognete.	Come and help me out.	pomognete	0	0
Jedan je senator nazvao predsednika druge zemlje, oficirem stare obaveštajne službe koji bi želeo da povrati staru imperiju te zemlje.	One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.	službe	0	0
Mrzim miris luka.	I hate the smell of garlic.	luka	0	0
Moja je starija sestra vrlo talentovana da peva.	My older sister is a very talented singer.	peva	0	0
Prevela je tekst bukvalno.	She translated the text literally.	bukvalno	0	0
Tom Džekson nam je jedini osumnjičeni.	Tom Jackson is our only suspect.	osumnjičeni	0	0
Koliko sam uspeo da vidim, u ovoj oblasti nema puno pešaka.	There is not a lot of foot traffic in this area so far as I have seen.	oblasti	0	0
Crn dim je izlazio iz dimnjaka.	Black smoke came out of the chimney.	dim	0	0
Mnogo nam je nedostajao Tom.	We missed Tom so much.	nedostajao	0	0
Doktori još uvek pokušavaju da spasu Toma.	The doctors are still trying to save Tom.	doktori	0	0
Biću u svojoj četvrti.	I'll be in my quarters.	četvrti	0	0
Imitiranje gestova, radnji i ponašanja može biti, ali nije obavezno, svestan čin.	Imitation of gestures, actions and manners may or may not be a conscious act.	svestan	0	0
Ток су била веома добра времена.	Those were very good times.	веома	0	0
Najveći izazov sa kojim će se projekat suočiti jeste dostupnost radnika sa sposobnostima koje su potrebne da bi projekat doživeo procvat.	The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.	potrebne	0	0
Mora te pregledati lekar.	You must be seen by a doctor.	lekar	0	0
Marija je odbila ponudu, jer je mislila da će joj biti bolje u banci.	Mary refused the offer because she thought she could find a better place for herself in the bank.	banci	0	0
Stojiš mi na mesto.	You are in my spot.	stojiš	0	0
Ne hoda mi se.	I don't feel like walking.	hoda	0	0
Iznenađena sam što nisi znao da je Tom upao na Harvard.	I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom got into Harvard.	upao	0	0
Devojka jede hleb.	The girl is eating bread.	hleb	0	0
Tom veoma vešto ume da promeni temu razgovora.	Tom is very good at changing the subject.	temu	0	0
Tom je nosio svog sina na leđima.	Tom was carrying his son on his back.	leđima	0	0
Poznajem Džima još od malih nogu.	I've known Jim since we were children.	malih	0	0
Ako padne kiša, događaj će biti otkazan.	If it rains, the event will be canceled.	događaj	0	0
Ako ne slušaš radio, ugasi ga.	If you're not listening to the radio, turn it off.	ugasi	0	0
Нико није бесмртан.	No one is immortal.	нико	0	0
Zahtevali su povećanje plate.	They demanded a salary increase.	plate	0	0
Imam dve ćerke.	I have two daughters.	ćerke	0	0
Pođite sa nama, molim.	Come with us, please.	pođite	0	0
Škole i putevi su usluge koje se plaćaju porezom.	Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes.	usluge	0	0
Tom nam nije dao da uđemo.	Tom wouldn't let us in.	uđemo	0	0
Sve je jednako pred zakonom.	Everyone is equal before the law.	jednako	0	0
Merin entuzijazam za kurs je opao kada se njen omiljeni predavač odselio.	Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.	kurs	0	0
Tom je probao dugme.	Tom tried the knob.	dugme	0	0
Ovo jezero je duboko.	This lake is deep.	jezero	0	0
Чак и Том је проговорио.	Even Tom said something.	чак	0	0
Niko se ne slaže sa tobom.	Not everyone agrees with you.	slaže	0	0
Tom će da pozove.	Tom'll call.	pozove	0	0
Njihova dobra su najboljeg kvaliteta.	Their goods are of the highest quality.	najboljeg	0	0
Ruke su mi pune.	My hands are full.	pune	0	0
Pretpostavio sam da ste zauzeti.	I assumed that you were busy.	zauzeti	0	0
Prošlog meseca, moja sestra je rodila bebu od 3 kilograma.	Last month my sister gave birth to a six-pound baby.	rodila	0	0
Učim sada.	I'm studying now.	učim	0	0
Da li počinjemo uskoro?	Are we starting soon?	počinjemo	0	0
Nijedna polemika nije zauvek završena. Uvek će ponovo isplivati na površinu.	No controversy is ever over for good. It will always resurface at some point.	nijedna	0	0
Tom može da radi šta mu je volja, što se mene tiče.	Tom can do whatever he likes as far as I'm concerned.	volja	0	0
Ova zgrada je plava.	This building is blue.	plava	0	0
Tom je gluv kao top.	Tom is as deaf as a post.	top	0	0
Она је постигла свој циљ.	She achieved her goal.	свој	0	0
Nije mi se baš svidelo.	I didn't enjoy it very much.	svidelo	0	0
Ovde je haos.	It's a mess in here.	haos	0	0
Izvinite, moram da ispratim goste.	I'm sorry, I have to see off the guests now.	goste	0	0
Ovde nema poslova.	There are no jobs here.	poslova	0	0
J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	njihovom	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	smrću	0	0
To je njegova slaba tačka.	That's his weak spot.	tačka	0	0
Želim ti prijatan dan, Tome.	Have a nice day, Tom.	prijatan	0	0
Желиш ли да научиш нешто одређено?	Is there something in particular that you want to learn?	желиш	0	0
Tom mi je dao parče papira na kome je pisala njegova adresa.	Tom handed me a piece of paper with his address written on it.	papira	0	0
Taj mladić je potpuno lud!	That guy is completely nuts!	mladić	0	0
Da li ti je ovo prva istraga?	Is this your first investigation?	istraga	0	0
Proverite opet.	Check again.	proverite	0	0
Tom nikad ne obraća mnogo pažnje na ono što učitelj kaže.	Tom never pays much attention to what his teacher says.	pažnje	0	0
On je na prvoj godini fakulteta.	He is in his first year at college.	godini	0	0
Tom se ne bi usudio da ponovo pokaže svoje lice ovde.	Tom wouldn't dare show his face around here again.	pokaže	0	0
Umem da čitam razne strane jezike, ali ne govorim nijedan.	I read many foreign languages, but I don't speak any.	umem	0	0
Vožnja do posla od sat i po smara.	Driving for one and a half hours to get to work is a bear.	vožnja	0	0
Obožavam ovu radnju.	I love this store.	radnju	0	0
Реци "ааа".	Say "aah."	реци	0	0
Da li se slažeš sa onim što je Tom napisao u svom izveštaju?	Do you agree with what Tom wrote in his report?	slažeš	0	0
Ona mu sprema obroke.	She cooked him meals.	sprema	0	0
Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	dobrom	0	0
Бићете ОК.	You're going to be OK.	ок	0	0
Samo hoću da stignem kući čitav.	I just want to get home safe and sound.	stignem	0	0
Zver je živa, budna i gladna.	The beast is alive, awake and hungry.	zver	0	0
Konačno imamo sva imena polja na norveškom i to će biti od velike pomoći našim korisnicima.	Finally, we have all field names in Norwegian, which will be of great help to our users.	polja	0	0
Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	dna	0	0
Danas je brod bio iznad Srednjeatlanskog Grebena - planinskog venca koji se nalazi na dnu okeana, na dubinama do 4500 metara.	Today, the ship remained over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge - a mountain range located on the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 3 miles.	dnu	0	0
Kakav je bio koncert?	How was the concert?	koncert	0	0
Nikada me nećete uhvatiti živog.	You'll never take me alive.	živog	0	0
Umem da čuvam tajnu.	I can keep a secret.	čuvam	0	0
Tom se duplo parkirao.	Tom's double-parked.	duplo	0	0
Mrzim ćuti zvuk svog glasa.	I hate the sound of my own voice.	glasa	0	0
Okrenuo sam se.	I turned around.	okrenuo	0	0
Novčanik mi je ukraden u autobusu.	My wallet was stolen on the bus.	novčanik	0	0
Ne osećam se dobro. Možeš li da pozoveš lekara?	I'm not feeling well. Could you please send for a doctor?	pozoveš	0	0
Donesite hranu.	Bring food.	donesite	0	0
Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	napusti	0	0
Dalek je put od zavisnosti od nafte do društva zasnovanog na obnovljivoj energiji.	There is a long way from oil dependence to a renewable energy society.	društva	0	0
Svi su mogli da čuju šta je Tom rekao.	Everyone could hear what Tom said.	čuju	0	0
Snažna posvećnost životnoj sredini nije kompatibilna sa velikim investicijama u naftu i gas.	Strong commitment to the environment is not compatible with large investments in oil and gas.	sredini	0	0
Može biti teško obići nepoznati teren.	Unfamiliar terrain can be difficult to traverse.	teren	0	0
Daj mi dolar za knjigu.	Give me one dollar for the book.	dolar	0	0
Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	pomoću	0	0
Ne poznajemo naše komšije.	We don't know our neighbors.	poznajemo	0	0
Ti si tužan.	You're sad.	tužan	0	0
Никад нећу да заборавим шта је Том рекао о мени.	I'll never forget what Tom said about me.	мени	0	0
Nekoliko vatrogasaca je pretrpelo lakše povrede.	A few firefighters suffered minor injuries.	povrede	0	0
Snažno me je udarila u desnu nogu.	She gave me a hard kick on my right leg.	udarila	0	0
Nije trebalo da kupiš to.	You shouldn't have bought that.	kupiš	0	0
Možemo da gledamo Toma u odelu, za crnim velikim klavirom sa dramatičnim potezima prstiju, stvarajući muziku koja je vrlo prijatno slušati.	We can look at a suit-clad Tom at a black grand piano, moving his fingers dramatically, creating music that is very pleasant to listen to.	prstiju	0	0
Da li bi da probaš?	Would you like a taste?	probaš	0	0
U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	kutiji	0	0
Je l' istina da Tom ne ume da čita i piše?	Is it true Tom can't read or write?	čita	0	0
Kažeš da si namerno sakrio svoju dobru stranu?	You are saying you intentionally hide your good looks?	sakrio	0	0
Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	bocu	0	0
Prerano je za to.	It's too soon for that.	prerano	0	0
Kome ste pomogli u skorije vreme?	Who have you helped lately?	pomogli	0	0
Prazna je.	It's empty.	prazna	0	0
Šta će se dogoditi ako sada nestane struje?	What will happen if there's a power failure now?	struje	0	0
Sezona lova je završena.	Hunting season is over.	lova	0	0
Птичица ми је рекла.	A little bird told me.	рекла	0	0
Činilo se kao da znaju šta traže.	They seemed to know what they wanted.	činilo	0	0
Tom se igra sa svojim sinom.	Tom is playing catch with his son.	sinom	0	0
Za neke čudne ljude znanje nekog jezika se drži u tajnosti.	Some strange people keep knowledge of a language secret.	čudne	0	0
Samo glasno razmišljam.	I'm just thinking out loud.	glasno	0	0
Tom se nekada bojao zmija.	Tom used to be scared of snakes.	zmija	0	0
Одмах иди.	Leave immediately.	иди	0	0
Nikad ranije nisam primetila to.	I've never noticed that before.	primetila	0	0
Svaki put kad vidim Toma, on nosi naočare.	Every time I see Tom, he's wearing sunglasses.	naočare	0	0
Не зна шта се дешава.	He doesn't know what's going on.	зна	0	0
Shvatam da su oni trn u oku takvima kao ti, ali ovo je samo bedno.	I understand that they are a thorn in the eye to people like you, but this is simply pathetic.	oku	0	0
Nekad je prekasno za izvinjenje.	Sometimes it's too late to apologize.	izvinjenje	0	0
Vraćam se za tren.	I'll return in a jiffy.	tren	0	0
Zvučiš umorno.	You sound tired.	zvučiš	0	0
Policija me juri.	The police are after me.	juri	0	0
Posle zemljotresa, retko koaj kuća se nije srušila.	After the earthquake, hardly any houses remained standing.	retko	0	0
Tom će da napreduje.	Tom'll improve.	napreduje	0	0
Nasilje je jedini jezik koji oni razumeju.	Violence is the only language they understand.	nasilje	0	0
Nađite Toma.	Find Tom.	nađite	0	0
Potrudi se da pišeš čitkije.	You should try to write more legibly.	pišeš	0	0
Ovom cvetu ne treba puno svetlosti da bi preživelo.	This plant doesn't need a lot of light.	svetlosti	0	0
Ja sam užasan pisac.	I'm a terrible writer.	užasan	0	0
Svi su zadržali dah.	Everyone's holding their breath.	dah	0	0
Tom je sedeo na klupi celi dan, pišući razglednice.	Tom sat on the beach all day, writing postcards.	celi	0	0
Prihvatio je da je čudovište.	He accepted that he was a monster.	prihvatio	0	0
Sve se odigralo brzinom svetlosti.	Everything happened at lightning speed.	brzinom	0	0
Reci mi zašto so uradio to.	Tell me why you did it.	so	0	0
Sa jedne strane, ti grešiš, ali sa druge, ja ne mogu da te optužujem za to.	On the one hand, you are wrong, but on the other hand, I can't blame you for that.	grešiš	0	0
Очекивала сам да ће Том да направи тим.	I expected Tom to make the team.	тим	0	0
Pročitala sam oko sto knjiga dosad.	I've read about a hundred books so far.	pročitala	0	0
Ema je bila veoma upadljiva na zabavi.	Emma was much in evidence during the party.	ema	0	0
Da li su mi crvene uši?	Are my ears red?	crvene	0	0
Nikad nećemo da uhvatimo Toma.	We'll never catch Tom.	uhvatimo	0	0
Bio sam jedini muškarac u turističkoj grupi. Ostatak su činile arapkinje koje žive u Istanbulu.	I was the only man in the tour group. The others were 7 Arab women who live in Istanbul.	grupi	0	0
Internet nije tvoja lična armija.	The Internet is not your personal army.	internet	0	0
Svi se smeju.	Everyone's laughing.	smeju	0	0
On ima velike ambicije, ali svi treba da pratimo i vidimo da li će se ti snovi ispuniti.	He has great ambitions, but we should all follow the series and see if the dreams will be fulfilled.	pratimo	0	0
Он тврди да постоји блиска веза између редоследа рођења и личности.	His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality.	постоји	0	0
Tom pati od hroničkih bolova.	Tom suffers from chronic pain.	pati	0	0
Drago mi je što si odgovorio.	I'm glad you replied.	odgovorio	0	0
Uzbuđen sam.	I'm thrilled.	uzbuđen	0	0
Činiš Toma nervoznim.	You're making Tom nervous.	činiš	0	0
Gubiš.	You're losing.	gubiš	0	0
Pazi na mene, i ja ću paziti na tebe.	Watch over me, I will watch over you.	paziti	0	0
Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	ljudske	0	0
San... pokušao sam da objasnim Svetom Petru, i učinio sam to na nemačkom jeziku, jer nisam želeo da budem suviše eksplicitan.	A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn't want to be too explicit.	svetom	0	0
Dovedite pojačanje.	Bring backup.	dovedite	0	0
Prošle nedelje smo posekli svo drveće u dvorištu.	Last week, we cut down all the trees in our backyard.	dvorištu	0	0
Том жели да иде на скијање са Мери.	Tom wants to go skiing with Mary.	иде	0	0
Pomažem Tomu.	I'm helping Tom out.	pomažem	0	0
Zar sam toliko drugačija?	Am I so different?	drugačija	0	0
Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	akciju	0	0
Ne bi trebao sada da izlaziš. Skoro je jedanest sati.	You had better not go out now. It's almost 11.	izlaziš	0	0
Мораш да ми верујеш.	You have to trust me.	мораш	0	0
Том је из малог града на око три сата одавде.	Tom is from small town about three hours from here.	око	0	0
Nisam ništa pisao mesecima.	I haven't written anything for months.	mesecima	0	0
Meri ne može da podnese kada joj Tom diše za vratom dok ona kuva.	Mary can't stand it when Tom hovers around her while she's cooking.	diše	0	0
Već sam čuo ovaj vic ranije.	I've heard this joke before.	vic	0	0
Нека деца добијају недељни џепарац.	Some children get a weekly allowance.	нека	0	0
Ispostavilo se da je tačno.	It turned out to be true.	ispostavilo	0	0
Najjače preporučujemo da koristite jedan od tri unapred definisana režima za postizanje optimalnih rezultata.	We highly recommend using one of three preset modes to achieve optimal results.	koristite	0	0
Ona je lovac na vampire.	She's a vampire hunter.	lovac	0	0
Tom je fizički bio tu, ali ne i mentalno.	Tom was there physically, but not mentally.	fizički	0	0
Nedelja ima sedam dana: ponedeljak, utorak, sreda, četvrtak, petak, subota i nedelja.	A week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.	četvrtak	0	0
Sezona lova je završena.	Hunting season is over.	završena	0	0
Škole i putevi su usluge koje se plaćaju porezom.	Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes.	plaćaju	0	0
Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	aktivnosti	0	0
Kada sam se probudila, padao je sneg.	When I awoke, it was snowing.	probudila	0	0
Ispravno je izabrala.	She made the right choice.	izabrala	0	0
Dan je za rođendan dobio figuricu mačke za sreću od kolege s posla.	Dan got a lucky cat figurine from a co-worker for his birthday.	kolege	0	0
Dopustite mi da vam pomognem.	Please let me help you.	dopustite	0	0
Za svakog muškog lika postoji ženska verzija.	For every given male character, there is a female version of that character.	lika	0	0
Meri je sela na travu, svirajući ukulele.	Mary sat on the grass, playing ukulele.	travu	0	0
Свеска није твоја, његова је.	The notebook is not yours. It's his.	твоја	0	0
Odvešću te kod Toma.	I'll take you to Tom.	odvešću	0	0
Sve ću jednom probati.	I'll try anything once.	probati	0	0
Neću da ti smetam.	I won't get in your way.	smetam	0	0
Imao sam sreće, što sam preživeo nesreću.	I'm fortunate to have survived the accident.	preživeo	0	0
Kako mogu da se zaštitim?	How can I protect myself?	zaštitim	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	sposobnosti	0	0
Zaslužuješ da ti čestitam.	You deserve to be congratulated.	zaslužuješ	0	0
On mora kupiti novi bicikl sinu.	He must buy a new bicycle for his son.	bicikl	0	0
Ne možeš da sediš pored mene.	You can't sit next to me.	sediš	0	0
Upravo sam pošao.	I was just about to leave.	pošao	0	0
Meri je nosila papuče u obliku zeke.	Mary wore bunny slippers.	obliku	0	0
Pobeda ili smrt!	Victory, or death!	pobeda	0	0
Том хоће да каже истину.	Tom wants to tell the truth.	каже	0	0
Poštujem takve ljude.	I respect people like that.	poštujem	0	0
Užasna sam sa decom.	I'm horrible with kids.	užasna	0	0
Mi smo iz Francuske.	We're from France.	francuske	0	0
Pre nego što ova odluka stupi na snagu, niko neće ni prstom da mrdne da ovo reši.	Before this decision takes effect, nobody will lift a finger in order to solve this.	reši	0	0
Samo pogledaj u ogledalo.	Just look in the mirror.	ogledalo	0	0
Smešan si.	You're being ridiculous.	smešan	0	0
Чекај. Врати се.	Wait. Come back.	чекај	0	0
Tom ima infekciju oka.	Tom has an eye infection.	oka	0	0
Bojim se da sam dislocirao desno rame.	I'm afraid that I dislocated my right shoulder.	rame	0	0
Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	prljavi	0	0
Govor mu je bio, blago rečeno, katastrofa.	His speech was an unmitigated disaster.	katastrofa	0	0
Tom se potpisao na koricama svog novog dnevnika.	Tom wrote his name on the cover of his new diary.	potpisao	0	0
Dođi ovamo, mladiću.	Come here, young man.	mladiću	0	0
Možeš li da razbiješ jaje sa jednom rukom?	Can you break an egg with one hand?	jaje	0	0
Da svet nije u stanju u kakvom je sada, mogao bih da verujem svakome.	If the world weren't in the shape it is now, I could trust anyone.	kakvom	0	0
Mogu ja to kao od šale.	I can do it with my eyes closed.	šale	0	0
Tom je predao listu tema koje bi mogle da uđu u plan za godišnji sastanak.	Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.	tema	0	0
Boli me grlo.	My throat hurts.	grlo	0	0
Poreska kontrola me proverava.	The IRS is auditing me.	kontrola	0	0
Ne mogu da verujem da nisi prepoznao rođenog brata.	I can't believe you didn't recognize your own brother.	prepoznao	0	0
Том хоће да иде у кревет одмах.	Tom wants to go to bed right now.	одмах	0	0
Morala sam da donesem neke teške odluke.	I've had to make some tough choices.	teške	0	0
Jelen je brži nego jači.	The deer is faster than it is strong.	jači	0	0
Da li si je upravo srela?	Did you just meet her?	srela	0	0
Želele su da me kazne.	They wanted to punish me.	kazne	0	0
Урадио сам једино што сам могао.	I did the only thing I could do.	урадио	0	0
Prevesti ili ne je moralni izbor prevodioca. Stvari nekad bolje zvuče ako ostanu takve kakve jesu u jeziku na kome su stvorene.	Whether to translate is a moral choice of the translator. Sometimes things are better to be left alone in the language which produced them.	ostanu	0	0
Izgledalo je tako ukusno.	It looked so delicious.	ukusno	0	0
Problematična deca su često bez bilo kakvog osećaja krivice.	Troubled children often lack any sense of guilt.	kakvog	0	0
Tom je otvorio novi restoran, ali nije uspeo da zaradi od njega tokom prvih dvanaest meseci.	Tom opened a new restaurant, but it didn't turn a profit in the first twelve months.	prvih	0	0
Zvuči kao da ste naučili važnu lekciju.	It sounds like you learned a valuable lesson.	lekciju	0	0
Ako pokušaš, uspećeš.	If you try, you'll succeed.	pokušaš	0	0
U ruskom jeziku ne postoji reč "sloboda".	There is no word for liberty in the Russian language.	sloboda	0	0
Нисмо заузети толико колико је Том заузет.	We're not as busy as Tom is.	толико	0	0
Toliko toga ste me naučili.	You've taught me so much.	naučili	0	0
Tom će preživeti.	Tom'll survive.	preživeti	0	0
Tom danas nosi plavi džemper.	Tom is wearing a blue sweater today.	plavi	0	0
Tom kaže da ima četiri kuća u pet različitih zemalja.	Tom says that he has 4 homes in 5 different countries.	različitih	0	0
Devojka je pustila ptice iz kaveza.	The girl released the birds from the cage.	pustila	0	0
Tom je pokupio Meri.	Tom picked Mary up.	pokupio	0	0
Samo hoću da stignem kući zdrav i prav.	I just want to get home safe and sound.	zdrav	0	0
Ne možemo da zaustavimo Toma da ne uradi to.	We can't stop Tom from doing that.	zaustavimo	0	0
Tom se uvijao od bola.	Tom cringed in pain.	bola	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	predstavim	0	0
Da bi se pridružio horu, neophodno je da umeš da čitaš note.	To join the choir, you have to be able to read music.	umeš	0	0
To se dešava samo povremeno.	That only happens occasionally.	povremeno	0	0
Tom zna šta sledi.	Tom knows what's coming.	sledi	0	0
Duhovi postoje.	Ghosts exist.	duhovi	0	0
Izađite odatle.	Come out of there.	izađite	0	0
Poklanjaju se jabuke i kruške, a ne zlato i zelene šume.	One gives away apples and pears, and not gold and green forests.	šume	0	0
Nisam želeo da te povredim.	I didn't mean to hurt you.	povredim	0	0
Jezik sile je jedino što oni razumeju.	Force is the only language they understand.	sile	0	0
Moram nešto popiti.	I need something to drink.	popiti	0	0
Iako sam govorio Tomu da ne otvara vrata, on ih je otvorio.	Despite me telling Tom not to open the door, he opened it.	otvara	0	0
Неки људи су чак постали насилни.	Some people even got violent.	неки	0	0
Verovatno do periodičnog pojavljivanje besnila dolazi jer plutajući led sa Sibira može da nosi polarne lisice na njima.	Rabies is probably introduced periodically by polar foxes on drift ice from Siberia.	lisice	0	0
On mnogo voli fudbal.	He likes football a lot.	fudbal	0	0
Moramo da odemo u kupovinu.	We have to do the shopping.	kupovinu	0	0
Koliko si morao da platiš Tomu da bi ga nagovorio da očisti sneg sa krova?	How much did you have to pay Tom to get him to shovel the snow off your roof?	platiš	0	0
Nešto je trulo u državi Danskoj.	There's something rotten in the state of Denmark.	državi	0	0
On ima trideset godina.	He is thirty years old.	trideset	0	0
Tom nije uspeo da nagovori Meri da spremi tortu za Džonovu rođendansku žurku.	Tom wasn't able to talk Mary into baking a cake for John's birthday party.	tortu	0	0
Mislim da je Tom bio neverovatan.	I think Tom is awesome.	neverovatan	0	0
Uhvatite ga.	Grab him.	uhvatite	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	parče	0	0
Kompanije koje provode više vremena i novca na alatima za razvoj, imaju veću produktivnost i veću prodaju.	Companies that spend more time and money on development tools have higher productivity and sell more.	veću	0	0
Mi smo bili jedini gosti.	We were the only guests.	gosti	0	0
Nada je štap za hodanje, od kolevke do groba.	Hope is the walking stick, from the cradle to the grave.	štap	0	0
Jako je teško, skoro nemoguće, da se pronađe stan u Oslu.	It is very difficult, almost impossible, to get an apartment in Oslo.	pronađe	0	0
On je na prvoj godini fakulteta.	He is in his first year at college.	prvoj	0	0
Pravio sam se da ne znam Toma.	I pretended that I didn't know Tom.	pravio	0	0
Meri je zaboravila da isključi svoj mikrofon.	Mary forgot to turn her mic off.	isključi	0	0
Mogu da prestanu da se nadaju sve dok ne uspeju da primoraju kompaniju na neophodnu koncesiju.	Unless they manage to force the company to make the necessary concessions, they should give up hope.	kompaniju	0	0
Vozite oprezno.	Drive carefully.	oprezno	0	0
Svi su platili.	Everybody paid.	platili	0	0
Tom je otpušten.	Tom has been fired.	otpušten	0	0
Povedi me kući sa sobom.	Take me home with you.	povedi	0	0
Gradonačelnik je lično uručio nagrade.	The mayor presented the prizes in person.	gradonačelnik	0	0
Krenimo negde, Tome.	Let's go somewhere, Tom.	krenimo	0	0
Naporno sam učio dok sam bio u školi.	I studied hard when I was in school.	učio	0	0
Čuo sam da je Tom napustio fakultet.	I've heard that Tom has dropped out of college.	fakultet	0	0
Da li bi ti smetalo da kažem Tomu za ovo?	Would you mind if I told Tom about this?	smetalo	0	0
мислим, дакле постојим.	I think, therefore I am.	дакле	0	0
Možda nam Tom može pomoći da shvatimo kako da rešimo ovaj problem.	Maybe Tom can help us figure out how to solve this problem.	rešimo	0	0
Ne bi nas pratili.	They wouldn't follow us.	pratili	0	0
To svakako nije razlog za brigu.	That's certainly nothing to worry about.	brigu	0	0
Zašto ne možete da ostanete?	Why can't you stay?	ostanete	0	0
Policija je privela nekoliko osumnjičenih na ispitivanje.	The police detained several suspects for questioning.	ispitivanje	0	0
Idite da pogledate.	Go and have a look.	pogledate	0	0
Danas je pao prvi sneg.	The first snow fell today.	sneg	0	0
Moja mlađa sestra me je zamolila da je naučim da skija.	My little sister asked me to teach her how to ski.	naučim	0	0
Ne nameravam da se promenim.	I have no intention of changing.	promenim	0	0
Kasno je zatvoriti vrata štale kad je konj već ukraden.	It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is stolen.	zatvoriti	0	0
Siguran sam da me je Tom pomešao sa mojim bratom.	I'm sure that Tom mistook me for my brother.	bratom	0	0
Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	zida	0	0
Vrti mi se.	I'm dizzy.	vrti	0	0
Da li si uradio domaći?	Is your homework done?	domaći	0	0
Niko od nas nije pogodio metu.	We all missed the target.	metu	0	0
Čini dobro onima koji te mrze.	Do good to those who hate you.	mrze	0	0
Zbunjen sam.	I'm baffled.	zbunjen	0	0
Postojao je samo jedan mali problem.	There was only one small problem.	postojao	0	0
I danas je temperatura ispod nule.	Today, too, the temperature is below zero.	temperatura	0	0
Morate da napustite automobil.	You must get off the car.	automobil	0	0
Sve mu je pošto naopako.	Everything went wrong for him.	naopako	0	0
Idemo u šetnju.	We're going on a hike.	šetnju	0	0
Pišem svakom prilikom koju dobijem.	I write every chance I get.	prilikom	0	0
Tom je bio odličan menadžer.	Tom was a great manager.	menadžer	0	0
Ovo mesto izgleda dosta drugačije u odnosu na ono kakvo je bilo ranije.	It looks quite different around here than it used to.	odnosu	0	0
Zbog njenih fizičkih nedostataka, Meri koristi štap za hodanje kada je napolju.	Because of her physical disability Mary now uses a walking stick when she has to go outdoors.	njenih	0	0
Nema devojki na internetu.	There are no girls on the Internet.	internetu	0	0
Ako ti zatreba pomoć, reci mi.	If you need help, let me know.	zatreba	0	0
Izgleda da je žrtva pokušala da napiše ime ubice sopstvenom krvlju.	It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.	krvlju	0	0
Potrebno je da se sruši nekoliko starih kuća.	A few old buildings need to be demolished.	starih	0	0
Моје име је Рикардо.Како се ти зовеш?	My name's Ricardo. What's yours?	име	0	0
Vidim tvoju mačku u bašti.	I see your cat in the garden.	mačku	0	0
Tom je sedeo veoma mirno.	Tom sat very still.	sedeo	0	0
Treba mi vaš potpis.	I need your signature.	potpis	0	0
Podaci u gornjim tabelama nisu kompletni.	The data in tables above are not comprehensive.	podaci	0	0
Tom je student treće godine.	Tom is a third-year student.	treće	0	0
Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	vojni	0	0
Nadam se da će vam se svideti.	I hope that you like it.	svideti	0	0
Manjak sna je uticao na pevačev učinak.	A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.	sna	0	0
Skrenite levo na sledećem uglu.	Turn left at the next corner.	uglu	0	0
Нисам се лепо провела прошле недеље.	I didn't have a good time last Sunday.	лепо	0	0
Ne želim da čujem ni reč ovoga da se širi unaokolo.	I don't want word of this getting around.	širi	0	0
Ona je bila jedina koja me je razumela.	She was the only one who understood me.	razumela	0	0
Tom je nosio belu jaknu.	Tom wore a white jacket.	jaknu	0	0
Možemo li da probamo ovo?	Can we give this a try?	probamo	0	0
Svi njeni učenici zaista vole da čitaju knjige.	All her students really love to read books.	njeni	0	0
Dođite da se igrate sa nama.	Come play with us.	igrate	0	0
Trebalo bi da kreneš sa mnom.	You should come along with me.	kreneš	0	0
Ispričaj nam priču o duhovima.	Tell us a ghost story.	ispričaj	0	0
Upoznao sam neke divne ljude.	I've met some wonderful people.	divne	0	0
Roditelji ne bi trebali da dozvole deci da budu surovi prema životinjama.	Parents shouldn't let children be cruel to animals.	dozvole	0	0
O tom potom.	We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.	potom	0	0
Planiraš li da odeš na Tomovo i Merino venčanje?	Are you planning to be at Tom and Mary's wedding?	planiraš	0	0
Mraz je naneo veliku štetu usevima.	The frost did much harm to the crops.	štetu	0	0
Život je kratak.	Life's short.	kratak	0	0
Sekretarica je otvorila poštu koja je dostavljena to jutro.	The secretary opened the mail which had been delivered that morning.	poštu	0	0
Tom je uspeo da pobegne taman na vreme.	Tom managed to escape just in time.	taman	0	0
Mislim da Tom voli bejzbol.	I think Tom likes baseball.	bejzbol	0	0
Idi razgovaraj sa Tomom.	Go and talk to Tom.	razgovaraj	0	0
Treba da krenemo ispočetka.	We need to start over.	ispočetka	0	0
Сећам се кад сам те први пут пољубио.	I remember the first time I kissed you.	први	0	0
Koliko često ostaješ budan posle jedan ujturu?	How often do you stay up past 1:00am?	ostaješ	0	0
Ovo je lakrdija od pravde.	This is a mockery of justice.	pravde	0	0
Biće ovo zabavan vikend.	It'll be a fun weekend.	zabavan	0	0
Istorija će biti ljubazna prema meni, jer ja nameravam da je napišem.	History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it.	istorija	0	0
Budućnost izgleda mračno za Edmond Dantesa, pošto je postao žrtva zavere, on je osuđen za izdaju i poslat doživotno u zatvor.	The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.	poslat	0	0
Progutaj ponos!	Swallow your pride!	ponos	0	0
Većina naučnika je odbacila teoriju pomeranja kontinenata, jer je bilo tako teško da se zamisli da su pokreti ploča uopšte i mogući.	Most scientists had rejected the continental-drift theory because it had been so difficult to imagine that plate movements were even possible.	teoriju	0	0
Imamo četiri časa francuskog svake nedelje.	We have four French classes a week.	časa	0	0
Ja sam taj koji je rešio problem.	I'm the one who handled the problem.	rešio	0	0
Treba da uhvatim voz.	I have a train to catch.	uhvatim	0	0
Da li mogu da te nazovem za 20 minuta?	Can I call you back within twenty minutes?	nazovem	0	0
Ne možeš da kriješ tajne od mene.	You can't keep secrets from me.	kriješ	0	0
Podrazumeva se da je među njima postajalo jedno prijateljstvo koje je prevazilazilo odnos gospodara i apostola u to vreme.	It goes without saying that at that time a kind of friendship beyond master and disciple grew between the two of them.	gospodara	0	0
Tom i Meri uživaju u šetnji duž puta hodočašća u Francuskoj.	Tom and Mary are enjoying a walk along the pilgrims' trail in France.	francuskoj	0	0
Имате широка рамена.	You've got broad shoulders.	имате	0	0
Zabranjeno voće je uvek najslađe!	Forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.	zabranjeno	0	0
Ti si živa legenda.	You are a living legend.	legenda	0	0
Srećna sam što smo pobedili.	I'm happy we won.	pobedili	0	0
Na sistemu je završena popravka posle tri godine volonterskog rada.	After three years of work by volunteers, the system has been fully repaired.	sistemu	0	0
Meri se osetila povređenom kada se njena deca nisu mogla potruditi da je kontaktiraju za osmi mart.	Mary was hurt when her children didn't even bother to contact her for Mother's Day.	osetila	0	0
Pravi takvu grimasu da poželiš da ga udariš.	He's making the kind of face you want to punch.	poželiš	0	0
Jesi li video izlazak sunca? Bilo je uistinu prelepo.	Did you see the sunrise earlier? It was really beautiful.	izlazak	0	0
Idemo u bioskop.	We are going to the cinema.	bioskop	0	0
Радим.	I work.	радим	0	0
Tiše malo tamo.	Keep it down in there.	tiše	0	0
Ne mogu da prestanem da mislim o ukradenom novcu.	I cannot stop thinking of the stolen money.	prestanem	0	0
Tvoj način gledanja na nešto zavisi od tvoje situacije.	Your way of looking at something depends on your situation.	situacije	0	0
Sva trojica dečaka su se smejali.	All three boys laughed.	trojica	0	0
Nadamo se da će se dopasti ljudima.	We hope people like it.	nadamo	0	0
Zašto je to tako komplikovano?	Why is it so complicated?	komplikovano	0	0
Svetsku mrežu je izumeo 1989. godine Tom Berners Li.	The World Wide Web was invented by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989.	mrežu	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	istorije	0	0
Želim da budem novinar.	I want to be a journalist.	novinar	0	0
Да ли је ово место заузето?	Is this seat taken?	место	0	0
Da li bi želeo da pođeš sa mnom?	Would you like to go with me?	pođeš	0	0
Том је подигао Мери на исти начин на који мушкарац преноси своју младу преко прага и пољубио је у образ.	Tom picked Mary up the same way a man carries his new bride across the threshold and gave her a kiss on the cheek.	начин	0	0
Njegova žena mu je zakrpila košulju.	He got his shirt mended by his wife.	košulju	0	0
Meri je koristila štapove za hodanje koje su joj pomogle pri usponima i padovima na putovanju.	Mary used walking poles to assist her with the uphill and downhill sections of the journey.	koristila	0	0
Ово је моја жена Едита.	This is my wife Edita.	жена	0	0
Понављајте за мном.	Repeat after me.	мном	0	0
Mi o vuku, a vuk na vrata.	Speak of the devil.	vuk	0	0
Nazvaću te malo kasnije.	I'll call back a bit later.	nazvaću	0	0
Хоћу да заборавим на то.	I want to forget it.	хоћу	0	0
Tom mi dozvoljava da radim šta god poželim.	Tom allows me do whatever I want.	poželim	0	0
Uzeo sam tri tablete za prehladu pre nego što sam legao.	I took three cold tablets before I lay down.	tablete	0	0
Tom je ubedio Meri da pozove Džona na žurku.	Tom persuaded Mary to invite John to the party.	džona	0	0
Ko je pojeo poslednju krofnu?	Who ate the last donut?	poslednju	0	0
Možete pisati na bilo kom jeziku. Na Tatoebi su svi jezici ravnopravni.	You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.	pisati	0	0
Nije trebalo da skinem to.	I shouldn't have downloaded that.	skinem	0	0
Tom se povukao	Tom sat back down.	povukao	0	0
Imamo dobre šanse za pobedu.	We have a good chance of winning.	pobedu	0	0
Zaista sam uživao.	I enjoyed myself a lot.	uživao	0	0
Navikao sam se da se nikome ne sviđam.	I'm used to no one liking me.	sviđam	0	0
Koliko ću primiti?	How much will I receive?	primiti	0	0
Tom je spavao na sofi.	Tom slept on the sofa.	sofi	0	0
Koja je svrha života?	What is the purpose of life?	svrha	0	0
Slušanje muzike je moj omljeni način opuštanja.	Listening to music is my favourite relaxation.	muzike	0	0
Ponovo ćemo preći preko svega.	We'll go over it again.	preći	0	0
Da li je Tom zaista student ovde?	Is Tom really a student here?	student	0	0
Odmah ću se vratiti sa vašom porudžbinom.	I will be right back with your order.	vašom	0	0
Možda bude dug period.	It may be a long time.	period	0	0
Nisam noćna ptica.	I'm not a night person.	noćna	0	0
U ovom razredu ima 40 učenika.	There are 40 pupils in this class.	razredu	0	0
Jedini dokaz su bili otisci prstiju na prozoru.	The only evidence was the fingerprints on the window.	otisci	0	0
Da li su ovo tvoje torbe?	Are those your bags?	torbe	0	0
Moje tečno poznavanje jezika je dovoljno za mnoge situacije, ali ne i za iskazivanje mojih, često međusobno kontradiktornih, emocija.	My fluency is sufficient for many situations, but not for expressing my — often contradictory — emotions.	međusobno	0	0
Razgovor se pretvorio u politiku.	The conversation turned to politics.	pretvorio	0	0
Tom nije dobar radnik.	Tom isn't a good worker.	radnik	0	0
Čime se baviš u životu?	What do you do for a living?	baviš	0	0
Шта си видела после тога?	What did you see after that?	после	0	0
Da li je Tom još na odmoru?	Is Tom still on vacation?	odmoru	0	0
Nemoj da pušiš. Pušenje može da ti skrati penis.	Don't smoke. Smoking can shorten your penis.	penis	0	0
Zašto ti treba tako puno cipela?	Why do you need so many shoes?	cipela	0	0
Četvorougao je geometrijska figura sa četiri stranice i četiri ugla.	A quadrilateral is a geometric figure with four sides and four angles.	ugla	0	0
Bet je rekla Krisu da se okupa ili ona neće izaći sa njim na sastanak.	Beth told Chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him.	bet	0	0
Jadan sam.	I'm miserable.	jadan	0	0
Hoću da saznaš da li Toma i Marija planiraju da budu sami ovde.	I want you to find out if Tom and Mary are planning to be here by themselves.	saznaš	0	0
To je oblast sa puno novih kuća.	It's an area with a lot of new houses.	oblast	0	0
Mislim da sam debela.	I think I'm fat.	debela	0	0
Trebalo bi da proveriš ulje.	You should check the oil.	ulje	0	0
On ima dobro pamćenje.	He has a good memory.	pamćenje	0	0
Neki se ponašaju kao da su rečenice koje oni naprave nešto najdragocenije što imaju.	Some people behave as if the sentences they create are the most precious things they have.	naprave	0	0
Izašli su rezultati ispita iz matematike!	The maths exam results are out!	rezultati	0	0
Узми у обзир све услове када приметиш да си преморен, и одлучи да ли је проблем са тобом или са временом.	Consider all the conditions when you find that you are fatigued, and decide if the trouble is with yourself or with the weather.	тобом	0	0
To je bio zli zec.	That was an evil bunny.	zli	0	0
Cilj nije da se utiče na trenutnu proizvodnju nafte, već da se zamrači energetska budućnost te zemlje.	The goal is not to affect current oil production, but to obscure that country's energy future.	utiče	0	0
To je bila kap koja je prelila čašu.	That was the straw that broke the camel's back.	kap	0	0
Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	promenu	0	0
Deca spavaju.	The children are asleep.	spavaju	0	0
Orao je car ptica.	The eagle is king of birds.	car	0	0
To je baš ono što je doktor naručio.	That's just what the doctor ordered.	naručio	0	0
Videću da li Tom može da nam pomogne.	I'll see if Tom can help us.	videću	0	0
Ženski šifonjer nije potpun bez male crne haljine.	A woman's wardrobe isn't complete without a little black dress.	ženski	0	0
Kad sam shvatio da sam najvažnije izostavio iz govora, već je bilo prekasno.	I discovered too late that I left out the most important part of my speech.	govora	0	0
Dvojica muškaraca su bili partneri u biznisu.	The two men were business partners.	partneri	0	0
Budite oprezni.	Be vigilant.	oprezni	0	0
Postoji malo sumnje da će rezanje u već ogoljenom sistemu imati dramatične posledice za industriju i opštine u ruralnim oblastima.	There is little doubt that the tightening of an already stripped system will have dramatic consequences for industry and municipalities in rural areas.	posledice	0	0
Grad je bio uništen tokom rata.	The city was destroyed during the war.	uništen	0	0
Sada sam starac.	I'm an old man now.	starac	0	0
Tom je presekao traku.	Tom cut the tape.	traku	0	0
Drži decu podalje od lekova.	Keep children away from medicine.	podalje	0	0
Mari je sa prozora skočila u reku.	Marie jumped from the window into the river.	reku	0	0
Хтео сам да кажем Тому.	I wanted to tell Tom.	хтео	0	0
Ne pričaj posle da sam gubitnik.	Don't say I'm a sucker.	gubitnik	0	0
Moja drugarica je dobila 95 poena na ispitu iz matematike.	My friend scored 95 on the maths exam.	drugarica	0	0
Mraz je naneo veliku štetu usevima.	The frost did much harm to the crops.	mraz	0	0
Одмах сам знао да сам у невољи.	I immediately knew I was in trouble.	знао	0	0
Siguran sam da će mi Tom mnogo nedostajati.	I'm sure I'll miss Tom a lot.	nedostajati	0	0
Uvek sam nervozan na pasoškoj kontroli.	I get nervous at immigration.	kontroli	0	0
Ko živi u staklenoj kući ne bi trebalo da baca kamenje.	Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.	kamenje	0	0
Ne smete to dirati.	You mustn't touch it.	smete	0	0
Jesi li ti umešan u ovo?	Are you involved in this?	umešan	0	0
Podmitljivi zvaničnici vlade su pobegli iz zemlje.	The corrupt government officials fled the country.	pobegli	0	0
Sigurna sam da Tom nije želeo da te povredi.	I'm sure that Tom didn't mean to hurt you.	povredi	0	0
Da li je neophodno da praviš toliku buku?	Is it necessary to make so much noise?	buku	0	0
Aviokompanija će se pobrinuti da pošalje Vaš prtljag sve do konačnog odredišta što pre, ili kasnije ako tako želi putnik.	The airline makes sure to send luggage all the way to the final destination as soon as possible, or at a later date, at the passenger's choice.	pošalje	0	0
Većina ljudi ovde nema struju.	Most people here don't have electricity.	struju	0	0
Види ове слике.	Take a look at these pictures.	ове	0	0
Ваш син је много сличан вашем оцу.	Your son is a lot like your father.	ваш	0	0
Ljudi su bili fini prema meni.	People were nice to me.	fini	0	0
По теби, је ли Том у праву?	In your opinion, is Tom right?	праву	0	0
Tom nije kao ostali dečaci.	Tom isn't like the other boys.	dečaci	0	0
Da li želiš da pronađeš smisao u svom životu? Živi tvoju strast!	Do you want to figure out your purpose in life? Live your passion!	strast	0	0
Samo da ne bude ni najmanje zabune da će nas ovo skupo koštati. Ali to je cena koju ćemo morati da platimo.	Let there be not even the slightest doubt that this will cost us dearly. But that is the price we'll have to pay.	skupo	0	0
To je sasvim uobičajeno.	That's perfectly normal.	uobičajeno	0	0
Izračunali smo da možemo da dođemo do tog mesta u roku od dve nedelje.	We calculated that we could reach the place within two weeks.	roku	0	0
Ne bi pomislio po njenom izgledu, ali priča o detetu koje je pojelo dve torte je iz njenog detinjstva.	You couldn't tell it by looking, but she has the legendary tale of having eaten two whole cakes when a child.	detetu	0	0
Tom je nosio crne farmerke i belu majicu.	Tom wore black jeans and a white T-shirt.	majicu	0	0
Da li si dobro pogledala?	Did you get a good look?	pogledala	0	0
Идемо кући заједно.	We're going home together.	заједно	0	0
Pokažite mi vaša dokumenta!	Show me your papers!	pokažite	0	0
Počnimo odmah.	Let's start right away.	počnimo	0	0
Molim vas stavite masku.	Please wear a mask.	masku	0	0
Oluja je imala ozbiljan uticaj na ekonomiju.	The storm had a serious effect on the economy.	uticaj	0	0
Atomska energija se može koristiti u miroljubive svrhe.	Atomic energy can be utilized for peaceful purposes.	energija	0	0
On se trudi.	He tries.	trudi	0	0
Oni su bili članovi srednje klase.	They were members of the middle class.	klase	0	0
Tom razmišlja isto.	Tom thinks the same way.	razmišlja	0	0
Udvostručujem cene.	I'm doubling my prices.	cene	0	0
Pogrešila sam jutros.	I was off this morning.	pogrešila	0	0
To je urađeno.	That's done.	urađeno	0	0
Uzbuđena sam.	I'm psyched.	uzbuđena	0	0
Ljubomora počinje da pomračuje Tomov razum.	The jealousy is starting to darken Tom's mind.	razum	0	0
Samo se trude da pomognu.	They're only trying to help.	pomognu	0	0
Ovo je jedan od najpopularnijih restorana u gradu.	This is one of the most popular restaurants in town.	restorana	0	0
Ljudi koji rade u obaveštajnoj službi obično uče mnogo jezika, ali oni moraju da čuvaju mnogo tajni.	People who work for an intelligence service usually learn many languages, but they have to keep a lot of secrets.	službi	0	0
Da vidim vaš recept.	Let me see your receipt.	recept	0	0
Tom se konačno složio da otkrije tajnu Meri.	Tom finally agreed to let Mary in on the secret.	otkrije	0	0
Proleće je stiglo.	Spring has arrived.	stiglo	0	0
Živo je biće, pa naravno da sere.	It's a living being, so of course it shits.	živo	0	0
Većina se plaši da postavi sebi veliki cilj iz straha da ga nikada neće dostići.	Most people are afraid to set a high goal for fear of not achieving it.	postavi	0	0
Kamion za čišćenje snega je pokušavao da održava autoput u blizini Osla bez snega u četvrtak ujutru.	A snowplow tried to keep the highway near Oslo free of snow on Thursday morning.	čišćenje	0	0
Firma je propala zbog nedostatka kapitala.	The firm went under due to lack of capital.	firma	0	0
Možemo li da odemo negde da porazgovaramo?	Could we go somewhere and talk?	porazgovaramo	0	0
Imitiranje gestova, radnji i ponašanja može biti, ali nije obavezno, svestan čin.	Imitation of gestures, actions and manners may or may not be a conscious act.	radnji	0	0
Bili su članovi srednje klase.	They were members of the middle class.	članovi	0	0
Ključevi su u šifonjeru.	The keys are in the wardrobe.	ključevi	0	0
Ne otvaraj to.	Don't open it.	otvaraj	0	0
Govori bi trebalo da počnu uskoro.	The talks should begin soon.	počnu	0	0
Ne zanima me sport.	Sport doesn't interest me.	sport	0	0
Нисмо сигурне шта да урадимо.	We're not sure what should be done.	нисмо	0	0
Tom se juče posekao nožem.	Tom cut himself with his knife yesterday.	nožem	0	0
Ima puno posla koji treba da obavim pre nego što mogu da krenem kući.	I have a lot of work to do before I can go home.	obavim	0	0
Sigurna sam da Tom poseduje imovinu.	I'm sure Tom owns property.	poseduje	0	0
Moja mlađa sestra me je zamolila da je naučim da skija.	My little sister asked me to teach her how to ski.	zamolila	0	0
On nije dovoljno pametan da sabere brojeve u glavi.	He isn't smart enough to add up numbers in his head.	brojeve	0	0
Budi pažljiv.	Take care.	pažljiv	0	0
Pitao sam se da li možda sanjam.	I wondered if I could be dreaming.	sanjam	0	0
И даље не разумем ништа.	I still do not understand anything.	даље	0	0
Nemoj da se smeješ.	Don't smile.	smeješ	0	0
Došao je juče da te poseti.	He came yesterday to see you.	poseti	0	0
"Učite iz svojih grešaka" i "Iskustvo je najbolji učitelj", kažu, ali na duge staze čak i najbolji učitelj pobesni, ako on ili ona ima previše da predaje u premalo vremena.	"Learn from your mistakes" and "Experience is the best teacher" they say, but in the long run even the best teacher gets mad, if he or she has too much to teach in too little time.	duge	0	0
Jednoglasno su zaključili da je on prekršio pravila o nelojalnoj imitaciji i dobre poslovne prakse u zakonu o reklamiranju.	They unanimously concluded that he had violated the rules against unfair imitation as well as good business practices under marketing law.	zakonu	0	0
Правићу се да се то није десило.	I'm going to pretend that didn't happen.	десило	0	0
Дајте ми други пример.	Give me another example.	други	0	0
Tom je još uvek besan.	Tom is still frustrated.	besan	0	0
Udobno je.	It's comfortable.	udobno	0	0
Kažite mi šta je ono.	Tell me what that is.	kažite	0	0
Devojka je otvorila oči, videla nedveda i pobegla ka prozoru.	The girl opened her eyes, saw the bear, and fled toward the window.	otvorila	0	0
Najveći izazov sa kojim će se projekat suočiti jeste dostupnost radnika sa sposobnostima koje su potrebne da bi projekat doživeo procvat.	The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.	radnika	0	0
Pikaso je čuveni umetnik.	Picasso is a famous artist.	umetnik	0	0
Ima mnogo toga da naučiš o muškarcima.	You have a lot to learn about men.	muškarcima	0	0
Odbila sam toma.	I turned Tom down.	odbila	0	0
Dve strane će održati govore ove nedelje.	The two sides hold talks this week.	održati	0	0
Ne ulazi! Gola sam.	Don't come in! I'm naked.	gola	0	0
Tom je instalirao solarne panele na krovu svoje kuće.	Tom had solar panels installed on the roof of his house.	krovu	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	slici	0	0
Zahvalna sam.	I'm grateful.	zahvalna	0	0
Plašim se visine.	I'm afraid of heights.	visine	0	0
Moraćete da pitate Toma.	You'll have to ask Tom.	moraćete	0	0
Ne prilazi mojoj devojci.	Stay away from my girlfriend.	prilazi	0	0
Molio sam se za vas.	I've been praying for you.	molio	0	0
Možda će se Tom ponuditi da pomogne.	Maybe Tom would be willing to help.	ponuditi	0	0
Utrnula mi je desna ruka.	My right hand is numb.	desna	0	0
Kada sunce klizne na zapad, lenjivci krenu u napad.	When the sun goes down in the west, the lazy man works the best.	zapad	0	0
Pa, takve stvari se dešavaju.	Well, such things happen.	dešavaju	0	0
Saporo je peti najveći grad u Japanu.	Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan.	peti	0	0
Tom bi još bio živ da je vezao pojas.	Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt.	pojas	0	0
Marija zna da je njeno glavno oružje, predivno lice i mlado telo, prolazne vrednosti.	Mary knows that her main weapons, a beautiful face and a young body, are of transient value.	vrednosti	0	0
Sekretar države Sjedinjenih država Džon Keri polomio je desnu butnu kost u biciklističkoj nezgodi u nedelju u Francuskoj.	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right femur in a cycling accident Sunday in France.	kost	0	0
Tom se dobro poneo.	Tom handled it well.	poneo	0	0
Hajde da pričamo o ovome tokom ručka.	Let's discuss this over lunch.	ručka	0	0
Javiću ti se čim stignem.	I will contact you as soon as I arrive.	javiću	0	0
Kafa je hladna.	The coffee is cold.	hladna	0	0
Nikad nećeš hodati sam.	You'll never walk alone.	hodati	0	0
Da li ste očekivali da se dogodi nešto drugo?	Did you expect something else to happen?	očekivali	0	0
Više je umetnost, a ne nauka.	It's an art more than a science.	nauka	0	0
Tomovo samopouzdanje je razbijeno kada ga je šef skinuo pred njegovim kolegama.	Tom's self-confidence was shattered after his boss dressed him down in front of his workmates.	skinuo	0	0
Молим вас, размислите опет.	Please reconsider.	опет	0	0
Мама је управо отишла у куповину.	Mother has just gone out shopping.	управо	0	0
Здраво, душо.	Hello, Honey.	душо	0	0
Pitam se šta Tom planira da uradi.	I wonder what Tom is planning to do.	planira	0	0
Upravo si pogođen.	You've just been shot.	pogođen	0	0
Tom se namrštio samom sebi.	Tom frowned to himself.	samom	0	0
Možemo li da se složimo da se ne slažemo?	Can't we just agree to disagree?	slažemo	0	0
Mont Blank je najviša planina u Alpima.	The Mont Blanc is the highest mountain in the Alps.	planina	0	0
Zašto si i dalje budna? Treba da ideš u krevet.	Why are you still up? You should get to bed.	budna	0	0
Nemojte da odgovorite.	Don't respond.	odgovorite	0	0
Hajde da pričamo u hodniku.	Let's talk in the hall.	hodniku	0	0
Ne pravi budalu od sebe!	Don't make a fool of yourself!	budalu	0	0
Francuska je u Zapadnoj Evropi.	France is in Western Europe.	francuska	0	0
Čuo sam da je Tom odustao od fakulteta.	I've heard that Tom has dropped out of college.	odustao	0	0
Lice mu je bilo crveno i bilo mu je vruće i neugodno.	His face was red and he felt hot and uncomfortable.	neugodno	0	0
U skladu sa našim pravilima, svi učesnici moraju da pri inspekciji pokažu legitimaciju, registracione papire i licencu.	According to our rules, all participants must present a photo ID, registration papers and valid license for inspection.	pravilima	0	0
Dovedi pojačanje.	Bring backup.	pojačanje	0	0
Pre tri dana su sve pumpe i alarmni sistemi otkazali, i velika količina vode je prodrla u oslofjordski tunel.	All pumps and alarm systems failed, and large amounts of water flooded into the Oslofjord Tunnel three days ago.	tunel	0	0
Pokušala sam da prestanem da radim više stvari istovremeno.	I've tried to stop multitasking.	istovremeno	0	0
Tom je poprilično poznat.	Tom is fairly well known.	poprilično	0	0
Oni svakodnevno služe svežu ribu i jastroge, koje dobijaju jednom nedeljno avionom iz Norveške.	Every day, they serve fresh fish and lobster, which they get weekly by plane from Norway.	služe	0	0
Tom se ranije bojao mene.	Tom used to be scared of me.	bojao	0	0
Nalazimo li se večeras?	Are we meeting up tonight?	nalazimo	0	0
Tom možda proba da ubedi Meri da uradi to.	Tom might try to convince Mary to do that.	proba	0	0
Tomov lični asistent ima ličnog asistenta.	Tom's personal assistant has a personal assistant.	lični	0	0
"Imaš već 21 godinu, i još uživaš u vožnji unazad!" "Samo sam..." "Stiopa, nisam mislio na tebe!"	"You are twenty-one already, and still you are enjoying reversed clips!" "I just..." "Styopa, I didn't mean you!"	uživaš	0	0
Bezbol je dosadan.	Baseball is boring.	dosadan	0	0
Mislim da je najbolje da se bude ljubazan.	I think it is best not to be impolite.	ljubazan	0	0
Svi mi primismo blagoslov za blagoslovom od svemoguće njene milosti.	We have all received one blessing after another from the fullness of his grace.	blagoslov	0	0
Pronađi Toma.	Find Tom.	pronađi	0	0
Tom obećava Skotima brda i doline.	Tom promises the Scots the moon.	brda	0	0
Na kraju krajeva, pročitaj uputstva.	As a last resort, read the instructions.	pročitaj	0	0
Tom je delovao pomalo bolesno.	Tom looks a bit sick.	bolesno	0	0
Idemo podeliti picu.	Let's split a pizza.	picu	0	0
Јаз између њих се смањио.	The gap between them has narrowed.	њих	0	0
Nije problem u novcu.	It's not a money issue.	novcu	0	0
Koliko će dugo Tom da izdrži?	How long will Tom last?	izdrži	0	0
Нисте довољно брзи.	You're not fast enough.	довољно	0	0
Kakav šok!	What a shock!	šok	0	0
"Ako P, onda Q" je logički ekvivalentno sa "(Ne P) i/ili Q".	"If P, then Q" is logically equivalent to "(Not P) and/or Q".	p	0	0
Prestanite da pokušavate da me napravite krivim.	Stop trying to make me feel guilty.	pokušavate	0	0
Policija je ubedila kriminalca da preda svoje oružje.	The police persuaded the criminal to surrender his weapon.	preda	0	0
Tom zna da je završeno.	Tom knows it's over.	završeno	0	0
Sve se dešava s razlogom.	Everything happens for a reason.	razlogom	0	0
Видимо се.	See you again.	видимо	0	0
Bila je velika eksplozija.	It was a big explosion.	eksplozija	0	0
Iskrenost nije uvek dobrodošla.	The truth is not always welcome.	dobrodošla	0	0
Pričaćemo uskoro.	We'll talk soon.	pričaćemo	0	0
Policajac ga je uhapsio zbog vožnje u pijanom stanju.	The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.	vožnje	0	0
Nismo ponosni na to.	We're not proud of it.	ponosni	0	0
Ne mogu da verujem da me je Tom poljubio.	I can't believe that Tom kissed me.	poljubio	0	0
Veštice ne plaču.	Witches don't cry.	veštice	0	0
Postojala je lista dostupnih kandidata.	There was a list of available candidates.	lista	0	0
Ne osećam se dobro. Možeš li da pozoveš lekara?	I'm not feeling well. Could you please send for a doctor?	lekara	0	0
Dugačak put smo prešli.	We've come a long way.	prešli	0	0
Amonijak je baza.	Ammonia is a base.	baza	0	0
Pobednik trke je bilo penzionisano američko vojno lice.	The winner of the race was a retired US serviceman.	pobednik	0	0
Ja sam platila za to.	I paid for it.	platila	0	0
Ako želiš da odeš do muzeja umetnosti, uhvati ovaj autobus.	If you want to go to the art museum, take this bus.	umetnosti	0	0
Hajde da poželimo dobrodošlicu našim gostima.	Let's welcome our guests.	dobrodošlicu	0	0
Бићемо добро шта год се десило.	We'll be fine no matter what happens.	год	0	0
Brinem se zbog Tomove bezbednosti.	I'm concerned with Tom's safety.	bezbednosti	0	0
Psi su pametni.	Dogs are smart.	pametni	0	0
Njoj su propisali medicinski kanabis radi ublažavanja neželjenih dejstava hemoterapije.	She has been prescribed medical cannabis to alleviate the side effects of chemotherapy.	medicinski	0	0
Tom se navikao na ovakve situacije.	Tom is used to these kinds of situations.	navikao	0	0
Srčani udar često dolazi kao grom s plavog neba.	A heart attack often comes like lightning from a blue sky.	srčani	0	0
Veličina brushaltera u Japanu je manja od brushaltera istog broja na zapadu, zbog manje prosečne veličine grudi.	Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.	broja	0	0
Oni su slučajno čuli nekakvu sumnjivu aktivnost u šipražju što ukazuje da je medved namirisao njihovu hranu.	By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.	ukazuje	0	0
Ne izigravaj majmuna!	Don't play the ape!	majmuna	0	0
Marš napolje!	Get out!	marš	0	0
Tom je unajmio advokata.	Tom has hired a lawyer.	unajmio	0	0
Ova poznata glumica je bila i modna ikona.	This famous actress was also a fashion icon.	glumica	0	0
Šta je u prirodi večno, kada je sve tako prolazno?	What is eternal in nature when everything is so ephemeral?	prirodi	0	0
Kompas pokazuje na sever.	Compasses point north.	sever	0	0
Šta misliš, koliko se dugo Tom spremao za ispit?	What do you think, how long has Tom been preparing for the exam?	ispit	0	0
Заиста сте талентоване.	You're really talented.	заиста	0	0
Kako Tom uspeva?	How does Tom do it?	uspeva	0	0
Ministar je bio uhvaćen da je lagao pri istraživanju korupcije te je bio primoran da da otkaz.	The minister was caught lying to the corruption enquiry and was forced to resign.	ministar	0	0
Pobednik trke je bilo penzionisano američko vojno lice.	The winner of the race was a retired US serviceman.	trke	0	0
Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	raspoložen	0	0
Vodili su ljubav cele noći.	They made love all night long.	vodili	0	0
Ако видиш Тома, да ли можеш да му даш ово?	If you see Tom, could you give this to him?	видиш	0	0
Naučnici veruju da pronalazak uvek dolazi kao grom iz vedra neba.	Researchers believe that discovery always comes like a bolt from the blue.	naučnici	0	0
Svi su ili prošli ili prolaze kroz to.	Everyone either went through it or is going through it right now.	prolaze	0	0
Kada dobijete Vaš telefon, baterija je unapred napunjena.	When you get your phone, the battery is precharged.	dobijete	0	0
И даље имам бицикл који ми је отац дао када сам имао тринаест година.	I still have the bicycle my father gave me when I was thirteen.	отац	0	0
Много је горе да те назову идиотом него глупаком.	Being called an idiot is much worse than being called dumb.	горе	0	0
Moj rođendan se približava.	My birthday approaches.	približava	0	0
Imaš vremena do ponoći.	You have until midnight.	ponoći	0	0
Још једном.	Once again.	једном	0	0
Том жели да се то поново деси.	Tom wants that to happen again.	поново	0	0
Koliko je duga reka Nil?	How long is the Nile River?	nil	0	0
Ja to zaslužujem.	I deserve it.	zaslužujem	0	0
Begunac iz zatvora je brzo uhvaćen ponovo.	The prison escapee was quickly recaptured.	uhvaćen	0	0
Слушај овамо.	Listen up.	слушај	0	0
To popodne je bila gužva.	It was a busy afternoon.	gužva	0	0
Pričaj mi o svom učitelju.	Please tell me about your teacher.	učitelju	0	0
Nemoj se bojati pasa koji laju.	Don't be afraid of barking dogs.	pasa	0	0
Izgleda mirno, ali u pozadini sve ide punom parom.	It seems quiet, but it is very busy in the background.	punom	0	0
Kako sam propustila to?	How did I miss that?	propustila	0	0
Sekretar države Sjedinjenih država Džon Keri polomio je desnu butnu kost u biciklističkoj nezgodi u nedelju u Francuskoj.	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right femur in a cycling accident Sunday in France.	keri	0	0
Imitiranje gestova, radnji i ponašanja može biti, ali nije obavezno, svestan čin.	Imitation of gestures, actions and manners may or may not be a conscious act.	ponašanja	0	0
Видео сам Тома неколико пута ове недеље.	I've seen Tom several times this week.	пута	0	0
Nisam se brinula zbog toga.	I wasn't worried about it.	brinula	0	0
Ovo je ispalo sa kamiona.	This fell off a truck.	kamiona	0	0
Devojke su nosile suknje od trave i imale su cveće oko vrata.	The girls wore grass skirts and had flowers around their necks.	imale	0	0
Umem da čitam razne strane jezike, ali ne govorim nijedan.	I read many foreign languages, but I don't speak any.	razne	0	0
Duplo sam starija od Toma.	I'm twice as old as Tom.	starija	0	0
Da li je istina da je Tom pobedio na trci?	Is it true that Tom won the race?	trci	0	0
Da li si uživao u gledanju noćne utakmice sinoć?	Did you enjoy watching the night game last night?	utakmice	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	vrednost	0	0
Зашто ниси дошао да ме питаш раније?	Why didn't you come to ask me earlier?	дошао	0	0
Svakog koga upoznaš vodi bitku, o kojoj ti ne znaš ništa. Budi ljubazan. Uvek.	Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always.	bitku	0	0
On nije Amerikanac, nego Englez.	He is not an American but an Englishman.	amerikanac	0	0
Više nisam uznemiren.	I'm not upset anymore.	uznemiren	0	0
Maja Keuc je dobra pevačica.	Maja Keuc is a good singer.	maja	0	0
Molim te skini čarape.	Take off your socks, please.	čarape	0	0
Limun sadrži limunsku kiselinu.	Lemons contain citric acid.	sadrži	0	0
Bitka je trajala nedelju dana.	The battle lasted a week.	bitka	0	0
Da li se slažete sa tim?	Do you agree with that?	slažete	0	0
Mnogo je mogućih odgovora na to pitanje.	There are many possible answers to that question.	odgovora	0	0
Nezgodu je snimio posmatrač.	The incident happened to be captured on video by a bystander.	snimio	0	0
Visoko je podigao trofej.	He held the trophy on high.	podigao	0	0
Папир гори брзо.	Paper burns quickly.	брзо	0	0
Tom želi da otplati novac koji duguje.	Tom wants to pay back the money he owes.	duguje	0	0
Ne smemo da izgubimo nadu.	We must not lose hope.	izgubimo	0	0
Ne smete da ulazite u tu sobu.	You may not enter that room.	ulazite	0	0
Da teži da maksimizira sopstveni interes, sreću ili sigurnost izgleda veoma prirodno za jedno ljudsko biće.	To strive for maximization of self interest, happiness or security seems very natural for a human being.	teži	0	0
Preživeli smo nekako.	Somehow we survived.	preživeli	0	0
To je bila lažna uzbuna.	It was a false alarm.	lažna	0	0
Pravda mora biti potpuno zadovoljena.	Justice must be done.	pravda	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	talenat	0	0
Ostaću.	I'll stay.	ostaću	0	0
Tom je u garaži, radi na svom motoru.	Tom is in the garage, working on his motorcycle.	garaži	0	0
Tom je želeo veću kuću od svog komšije.	Tom wanted to have a bigger house than his neighbor.	komšije	0	0
Koje godine je napravljen tvoj automobil?	What year was your car made?	napravljen	0	0
Zadržite kusur.	Keep the change.	zadržite	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	visočanstvo	0	0
Tom i Meri su igrali ruski rulet.	Tom and Mary played a game of Russian roulette.	ruski	0	0
Struja Hambolt je hladna okeanska struja koja struji duž zapadne obale Južne Amerike.	The Humboldt current is a cold ocean current that flows north along the west coast of South America.	struja	0	0
Zasad sam videla dovoljno.	I've seen enough for now.	zasad	0	0
Том и Мери су пешачили кроз шуму.	Tom and Mary hiked through the forest.	кроз	0	0
Da li razgovarate o nama?	Do you talk about us?	razgovarate	0	0
Treba da napišem disertaciju.	I have a thesis to write.	napišem	0	0
"Boston Globe" je dao filmu lošu kritiku.	The Boston Globe gave the film an unfavorable review.	lošu	0	0
U Africi ima puno lavova.	In Africa there are many lions.	africi	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	novina	0	0
Dobar pisac može da preoblikuje i poboljšava svoj tekst mnogo puta.	A good writer can reshape and improve his text many times.	tekst	0	0
"Mislim da je završenstvo ružno", rekao je. "Negde u stvarima koje ljudi prave želim da vidim ožiljke, neuspeh, nered, distorziju."	"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."	ružno	0	0
Verovatno neću pročitati Tomov izveštaj.	I probably won't read Tom's report.	pročitati	0	0
Том је одмах схватио шта се дешава.	Tom immediately understood what was happening.	дешава	0	0
Извините, да ли је ово ваше?	Excuse me, is this yours?	извините	0	0
Upoznaj me sa Tomom.	Introduce me to Tom.	upoznaj	0	0
Pazi! U bašti je pet gladnih sovjetskih krava.	Watch out! There are five hungry Soviet cows in the garden!	krava	0	0
Da li si zatvorenik?	Are you a prisoner?	zatvorenik	0	0
Znam da ste svi kukavice.	I know that you all are cowards.	kukavice	0	0
Izveo je Džejn na večeru.	He took Jane out for dinner.	izveo	0	0
Оне живе доле.	They live downstairs.	доле	0	0
Tom će sačekati.	Tom'll wait.	sačekati	0	0
Tom se ne bi usudio da ponovo pokaže svoje lice ovde.	Tom wouldn't dare show his face around here again.	usudio	0	0
Da bi u potpunosti shvatili kako se koristi neka reč, neophodno je da se koristi u mnogim različitim kontekstima.	In order to fully understand how a word is used, it needs to be used in many different contexts.	mnogim	0	0
Zbog lošeg vremena, avion je kasnio.	Due to bad weather, the plane was late.	lošeg	0	0
Kupi litar mleka, i ako imaju jaja, kupi dvanaest jaja.	Buy a liter of milk, and if there are eggs, buy a dozen eggs.	dvanaest	0	0
Tom će se oženiti sledećeg meseca.	Tom will get married next month.	oženiti	0	0
Da li imaš kopiju?	Do you have a copy?	kopiju	0	0
Zaista se radujem što sam ovde.	I'm really happy I'm here.	radujem	0	0
Vidimo se u tvojim snovima.	See you in your dreams.	snovima	0	0
Tom je angažovao privatnog detektiva da prati Meri.	Tom hired a private detective to follow Mary.	detektiva	0	0
Одавде до станице је пола сата хода.	It's half an hour's walk from here to the station.	одавде	0	0
Кажеш да ми је живот у опасности?	Are you saying my life is in danger?	кажеш	0	0
Знам твоје право име.	I know your real name.	твоје	0	0
Šifra je "Mjurijel".	The password is "Muiriel".	šifra	0	0
Tomu se nije dopadao izgled svog nosa, pa je uradio operaciju nosa.	Tom didn't like the look of his nose, so he had a nose job.	nosa	0	0
Ako čovek ima prava na život, onda treba da ima i prava na smrt. Ako nema, onda život nije pravo, već obaveza.	If one has the right to live, then one should also have the right to die. If not, then living is not a right, but an obligation.	obaveza	0	0
Tom ceni savremenu umetnost.	Tom appreciates modern art.	ceni	0	0
Дозволио сам Тому да уради шта жели да уради.	I allowed Tom do what he wanted to do.	жели	0	0
О чему Ви говорите?	What are you talking about?	чему	0	0
Koja je najduža reka na svetu?	What is the longest river in the world?	reka	0	0
Tom je opet zaspao.	Tom fell back to sleep.	zaspao	0	0
Само се извини.	Just apologize.	извини	0	0
Tom se nekada plašio od mene.	Tom used to be scared of me.	plašio	0	0
Muškarci ostaju deca celog života.	Men are children their whole life.	ostaju	0	0
Gradonačelnik je lično uručio nagrade.	The mayor presented the prizes in person.	nagrade	0	0
Danas ću ukazati na prednosti i mane outsourcinga.	Today I'll point out the pros and cons of outsourcing.	prednosti	0	0
Ja se ne predajem!	I'm not giving up.	predajem	0	0
Spremio sam pitu od jabuka.	I baked some apple pies.	pitu	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	kraljevstvo	0	0
Сада се осећам сигурно.	I feel safe now.	сигурно	0	0
Ovo su moji najbolji drugari.	These are my best friends.	drugari	0	0
Tom će da preživi.	Tom'll survive.	preživi	0	0
Поштуј себе.	Respect yourself.	себе	0	0
Верујем да је тачно.	I believe this is true.	верујем	0	0
Tom se ne uklapa ovde.	Tom doesn't fit in here.	uklapa	0	0
Verujem da ste iskreni.	I believe you're honest.	iskreni	0	0
Životinje se plaše vatre.	Animals are afraid of fire.	plaše	0	0
Nemam nameru da se menjam.	I have no intention of changing.	nameru	0	0
Отвори та врата.	Open that door.	врата	0	0
Tom zna imena svih svojih mušterija.	Tom knows the names of all his customers.	mušterija	0	0
Postoji opasnost od ozbiljnih povreda ukoliko se ove mere predostrožnosti ne ispoštuju.	There is a danger of serious injury if these precautions are not followed.	mere	0	0
Svi su bolesni.	Everyone's sick.	bolesni	0	0
Mađarski jezik nije lak, ali je divan.	The Hungarian language is not simple, but wonderful.	lak	0	0
Nisam imao ništa zajedničko sa njima.	I had nothing in common with them.	zajedničko	0	0
Uopšte nemogu da zaspem.	I can't sleep at all.	nemogu	0	0
Vratiće se veoma brzo.	She'll return very soon.	vratiće	0	0
Testiranje novog motora će se obaviti danas.	The test of the new engine takes place today.	motora	0	0
Tom je probao da odgovori Meri od odlaska.	Tom tried to talk Mary out of going.	odlaska	0	0
Колико Божићних честитки си послао ове године?	How many Christmas cards did you send this year?	године	0	0
Moja deca nemaju svoje lične sobe.	My children don't have their own rooms.	lične	0	0
Prljava zveri, gubi se odavde!	You filthy beast, get out of here!	prljava	0	0
Mogao si da me poštediš mnogih nevolja, samo da si mi ranije rekao u vezi toga.	You could've saved me a lot of trouble if you'd told me about that earlier.	mnogih	0	0
Изузев неколико грешака, књига је добра.	Apart from a few errors, it's a good book.	неколико	0	0
Tom je predao listu tema koje bi mogle da uđu u plan za godišnji sastanak.	Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.	predao	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	ratnik	0	0
Devojke su nosile suknje od trave i imale su cveće oko vrata.	The girls wore grass skirts and had flowers around their necks.	trave	0	0
Pogrešno sam optužen.	I was falsely accused.	optužen	0	0
Ne znamo zasigurno.	We don't know for sure.	zasigurno	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	životi	0	0
Na prvi pogled ovaj problem izgleda jednostavan, ali je zapravo težak.	At first sight this problem seems easy, but in fact it's difficult.	jednostavan	0	0
Ovo su koraci koji vode pravo u propast.	These are the steps that lead straight to failure.	propast	0	0
Знам да Том има превише самопоуздања.	I know that Tom is overconfident.	превише	0	0
Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	francusku	0	0
Хвала вам, момци.	Thank you, guys.	момци	0	0
Situacija je bila krajnje opasna; bilo je pitanje života i smrti.	The situation was extremely dangerous; it was a matter of life and death.	krajnje	0	0
Možeš li da zamisliš kako je hodati po Mesecu?	Can you imagine walking around on the moon?	mesecu	0	0
Ne guraj.	Don't push.	guraj	0	0
Данас немам никакав домаћи.	I don't have any homework today.	немам	0	0
Koliko ujni i ujaka imaš?	How many aunts and uncles do you have?	ujaka	0	0
To je bila lažna uzbuna.	It was a false alarm.	uzbuna	0	0
Postalo je mračno.	It's gotten dark.	mračno	0	0
On je šampion.	He is the champion.	šampion	0	0
Tom sumnja da Meri i ja smerano nešto.	Tom suspects that Mary and I are plotting something.	sumnja	0	0
Moraću da Vas zamolim da ostavite svoj telefon po strani.	I'm going to have to ask you to put your phone away.	zamolim	0	0
Tom i ja znamo da je Marija plakala.	Tom and I know that Mary was crying.	plakala	0	0
Нисам препознала песму коју је Том певао.	I didn't recognize the song Tom was singing.	коју	0	0
To će upaliti.	That would do the trick.	upaliti	0	0
Čak i ako je nešto prolazno kao miris, ili brzo kao misao, uvek postoji način da se dobije ono što se jako želi.	Even if it is as fleeting as a scent or as quick as a thought, there is always a way to get what you desire.	misao	0	0
Ne mogu odmah da ti odgovorim.	I can't give you an immediate answer.	odgovorim	0	0
Svima nam je nestalo alkohola.	We're all out of booze.	alkohola	0	0
Ne možemo da ga pozovemo kao svedoka.	We can't call him as a witness.	pozovemo	0	0
Možeš li da zamisliš kako je hodati po Mesecu?	Can you imagine walking around on the moon?	zamisliš	0	0
Ništa nisam potrošio.	I didn't spend anything.	potrošio	0	0
Bio sam svuda u Evropi.	I've been everywhere in Europe.	evropi	0	0
Počnite.	Get started.	počnite	0	0
U boljoj sam formi nego vi.	I'm in better shape than you are.	formi	0	0
Treba da proslavimo zajedno.	We should celebrate together.	proslavimo	0	0
Knjizi nedostaju drugo, peto i trinaesto poglavlje.	The book is missing the 2nd, 5th, and 13th chapters.	poglavlje	0	0
Zoološki vrt je zatvoren ponedeljkom.	The zoo is closed on Mondays.	vrt	0	0
Lako je izmeniti email adrese tako da e-mail izgleda kao da je stigao od nekog drugoga.	It is easy to fake email addresses so that an e-mail looks like it comes from someone else.	drugoga	0	0
Gde mi je kofer?	Where is my suitcase?	kofer	0	0
Dodajte mi šećer, molim vas.	Pass me the sugar, please.	šećer	0	0
Knjizi nedostaju drugo, peto i trinaesto poglavlje.	The book is missing the 2nd, 5th, and 13th chapters.	nedostaju	0	0
Mogli bi smo postići to što smo pre započeli.	We could accomplish what we had started before.	postići	0	0
Ko živi u staklenoj kući ne bi trebalo da baca kamenje.	Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.	baca	0	0
Ja prodajem kafu.	I sell coffee.	prodajem	0	0
Mogu li da pozajmim tvoju olovku nakratko?	Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?	olovku	0	0
Sa kime dolaziš?	Who will you be coming with?	kime	0	0
Mnogo puta sam igrala golf sa Tomom.	I've played golf with Tom many times.	igrala	0	0
Tom je na tajnom zadatku.	Tom is on a top secret mission.	zadatku	0	0
Сутра је понедељак.	Tomorrow's Monday.	сутра	0	0
Smešna si.	You're being ridiculous.	smešna	0	0
Da teži da maksimizira sopstveni interes, sreću ili sigurnost izgleda veoma prirodno za jedno ljudsko biće.	To strive for maximization of self interest, happiness or security seems very natural for a human being.	sopstveni	0	0
Da li su svi oni jaki?	Are they all strong?	jaki	0	0
Ne ostavljaj me samog.	Don't leave me alone.	ostavljaj	0	0
Tom je skoro poginuo u pokušaju da me spase.	Tom almost died trying to save me.	pokušaju	0	0
Moje tečno poznavanje jezika je dovoljno za mnoge situacije, ali ne i za iskazivanje mojih, često međusobno kontradiktornih, emocija.	My fluency is sufficient for many situations, but not for expressing my — often contradictory — emotions.	jezika	0	0
Uzećemo sledeću.	We'll get the next one.	sledeću	0	0
I ja želim da vidim okean.	I also want to see the ocean.	okean	0	0
Zaista sam uznemirena zbog toga.	I'm really upset about it.	uznemirena	0	0
Tom će ponovo razmisliti.	Tom'll reconsider.	razmisliti	0	0
Да ли је то оно што желите?	Is this what you want?	желите	0	0
Kad je ovakvo vreme, najbolje je da sediš kući i ne ideš napolje.	In this kind of weather, it's best to stay home and not go outside.	ovakvo	0	0
Imaš maštovitu, umetničku i prilično romantičarsku ličnost.	You have an imaginative, artistic and pretty romantic personality.	ličnost	0	0
Oko čega se brinete?	What are your concerns?	brinete	0	0
To je njegova slaba tačka.	That's his weak spot.	slaba	0	0
Slušanje muzike je moj omiljeni vid relaksacije.	Listening to music is my favourite relaxation.	vid	0	0
Апсолутно сам сигуран у то.	I'm absolutely sure of that.	сигуран	0	0
Tom je ispustio šolju.	Tom dropped the cup.	šolju	0	0
Ne zaboravi da doneseš kameru.	Don't forget to bring a camera.	doneseš	0	0
Prošle nedelje smo posekli svo drveće u dvorištu.	Last week, we cut down all the trees in our backyard.	drveće	0	0
Наш јахт клуб има десет чланова.	Our yacht club has ten members.	наш	0	0
Siguran sam da Tom neće hteti da uradi to.	I'm sure Tom won't want to do that.	hteti	0	0
Trebalo bi da znaš da ako jedeš zdravo, fizički si aktivan i ne pušiš tada možeš sprečiti 80% svih kardiovaskularnih bolesti, 90% dijabetesa tipa 2 i 30% karcinoma.	You should know that eating healthy, being physically active, and not smoking can prevent 80% of all cardiovascular disease, 90% of type 2 diabetes and 30% of cancers.	sprečiti	0	0
Prljava zveri, gubi se odavde!	You filthy beast, get out of here!	zveri	0	0
Kakva tragedija!	How tragic!	tragedija	0	0
Grešim li?	Am I wrong?	grešim	0	0
Lori živi u Melburnu.	Laurie lives in Melbourne.	lori	0	0
Tom je već popio tri čaše vina.	Tom has had three glasses of wine already.	čaše	0	0
Večni sneg ne izgleda više tako večno.	The eternal snow seems not so eternal anymore.	večno	0	0
Morao je da mi se izvadi jedan kutnjak.	I had to get a molar extracted.	izvadi	0	0
Prazno je.	It's empty.	prazno	0	0
Verovatno neću da pročitam Tomov izveštaj.	I probably won't read Tom's report.	pročitam	0	0
Muškarci žele da se osećaju značajno.	Men want to feel important.	osećaju	0	0
Mi smo stoga postavili malu prenosivu kolibu koja se može podeliti na dva dela i može da se odveze bilo gde.	We therefore introduce a small portable cabin that can be divided in half and carried anywhere.	postavili	0	0
On uvek polazi na posao u 8 ujutru.	He always leaves for work at 8:00 a.m.	polazi	0	0
Danas sam ustao na levu nogu.	I woke up on the wrong side of the bed today.	ustao	0	0
Vratite mi moju flašu.	Give me back my bottle.	flašu	0	0
Znači ipak imaš dlake na grudima.	So you've got hair on your chest after all.	grudima	0	0
Свиђа ми се ова идеја.	I like this idea.	ова	0	0
Oni su slučajno čuli nekakvu sumnjivu aktivnost u šipražju što ukazuje da je medved namirisao njihovu hranu.	By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.	medved	0	0
Ne pevam.	I do not sing.	pevam	0	0
Tom je stavio mapu na sto.	Tom put the map on the table.	mapu	0	0
Moramo da štedimo novac da kupimo nov automobil.	We need to save up money to buy a new car.	kupimo	0	0
Pozdravite svoje prijatelje.	Say hello to your friends.	pozdravite	0	0
Tri puta pet je petnaest.	Multiply three by five to get fifteen.	petnaest	0	0
Dokle ćeš da se ljutiš i vičeš na nas?	When shall you stop telling us off?	ljutiš	0	0
Знаш, има ту вероватно мало истине.	You know, there probably is some truth to that.	вероватно	0	0
Neki od nas smatraju da su takvi pogledi čisto ludilo.	Some of us find such views to be sheer madness.	smatraju	0	0
To je bilo nešto što je dovelo do bujice novih ideja.	It was something which brought a stream of new ideas.	dovelo	0	0
Ne pij vodu.	Don't drink the water.	pij	0	0
Kakav vam je materijalni status?	What's your marital status?	status	0	0
Стварно ми се иде на пливање са вама.	I really want to go swimming with you.	вама	0	0
Nekoliko stabala je palo za vreme oluje u našoj okolini.	Several trees blew down in our neighborhood during the storm.	oluje	0	0
Ne mogu sam da popravim auto.	I'm not able to fix the car by myself.	popravim	0	0
Bio sam u Rimu.	I was in Rome.	rimu	0	0
Jao mi je žao Toma.	I really feel sorry for Tom.	toma	0	0
Da li želiš da pronađeš smisao u svom životu? Živi tvoju strast!	Do you want to figure out your purpose in life? Live your passion!	pronađeš	0	0
Tom je detaljno objasnio, ali i dalje ne razumem.	Tom explained it in detail, but I still don't understand it.	objasnio	0	0
On je sve, samo nije pošten.	He is not honest at all.	pošten	0	0
Tom će plakati.	Tom'll cry.	plakati	0	0
Pristaću sa zadovoljstvom.	I'll be happy to comply.	zadovoljstvom	0	0
Nemoj da pušiš. Pušenje može da ti skrati penis.	Don't smoke. Smoking can shorten your penis.	pušiš	0	0
Bolje da se bacim na posao.	I'd better get to work.	bacim	0	0
Krvari mu nos.	His nose is bleeding.	krvari	0	0
Tomova dva druga su poginula u nesreći, a i on sam polako klizi ka smrti.	Tom's two mates died in an accident, and he himself is slowly heading towards death.	nesreći	0	0
Reakcija nije uvek najbolji način delovanja.	Reaction is not always the best course of action.	reakcija	0	0
Том је замолио Мери да му врати новац који јој је позајмио.	Tom asked Mary to return the money that he had lent her.	новац	0	0
Planiram da sinu dam kompjuter krajem meseca.	I plan to give my son a computer at the end of the month.	planiram	0	0
Za svakog muškog lika postoji ženska verzija.	For every given male character, there is a female version of that character.	verzija	0	0
To će trajati čitavu večnost.	That's going to take forever.	čitavu	0	0
Postojala je lista dostupnih kandidata.	There was a list of available candidates.	postojala	0	0
Tom ima visoke moralne standarde.	Tom has high moral standards.	visoke	0	0
Cipele su ti prljave.	Your shoes are dirty.	prljave	0	0
Dogodila se nova snežna lavina na putu u Ećeskaretu u Oda opštini u Hordalandu u utorak uveče i nije poznato da li je neko zarobljen u lavini.	There was another avalanche on the road to Ekkjeskaret in Odda municipality in Hordaland on Tuesday night. It is unknown whether anyone was caught in the avalanche.	dogodila	0	0
Ne nameravam da se promenim.	I have no intention of changing.	nameravam	0	0
Mislio sam da je Tom pametniji od toga.	I thought Tom had more sense than that.	pametniji	0	0
Pusti mašti na volju.	Let your imagination run wild.	volju	0	0
Ta torba je moja.	That bag is mine.	torba	0	0
Mislim da je to gubljenje vremena.	I think it's a waste of time.	gubljenje	0	0
Tom je odneo stolice u susednu sobu.	Tom carried the chairs to the next room.	stolice	0	0
Mislim da je bilo korisno.	I think it was useful.	korisno	0	0
Tomov dizajn je uštedeo kompaniji milione dolara.	Tom's design saved the company millions of dollars.	milione	0	0
Pisac knjige "Poslednji mohikanac", Džejms Fenimor Kuper je bio prvi borac za zaštitu prirode.	The author of "The Last of the Mohicans", James Fenimore Cooper, was the first environmentalist.	borac	0	0
Učiću nemački.	I'll learn German.	nemački	0	0
Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	stvarnosti	0	0
Od koga bežiš?	Who are you running from?	bežiš	0	0
Ниси ти та која је умрла.	You're not the one who died.	та	0	0
Биће ми драго да ти помогнем кад год ти затребам.	I'll be glad to help you whenever you need me.	биће	0	0
Tom veoma dobro svira klavir.	Tom is very good at playing the piano.	klavir	0	0
Imaj hrabrosti.	Have courage.	imaj	0	0
Da li si uživao u gledanju noćne utakmice sinoć?	Did you enjoy watching the night game last night?	noćne	0	0
"Tata, zašto je nebo plavo?" "Pa, jednostavno je tako."	"Daddy, why is the sky blue?" "Well, it just is."	plavo	0	0
Ovo je baš moralo da se desi danas!	This just had to happen today of all days!	moralo	0	0
Rađe ne bih da budem uključen u ovoj fazi, hvala ti.	I'd prefer not to get involved at this stage, thank you.	uključen	0	0
Toliko sam umoran da jedva držim oči otvorene.	I'm so tired, I can hardly keep my eyes open.	otvorene	0	0
Preporučujem Vam da posetite Britanski Ratni Muzej u Londonu.	I recommend you visit the Imperial War Museum in London.	muzej	0	0
Idem na plažu.	I will go to the beach.	plažu	0	0
Da li i dalje ima temperaturu?	Does she still have a temperature?	temperaturu	0	0
Troškovi života rastu.	The cost of living is rising.	rastu	0	0
Tom nije laka osoba za druženje.	Tom is not an easy person to get along with.	laka	0	0
U teoriji, ne postoji razlika između teorije i prakse. Ali, u praksi postoji.	In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.	teorije	0	0
Želiš li da učiš nešto određeno?	Is there something in particular that you want to study?	učiš	0	0
Kupio sam nov šešir u prodavnici.	I bought a new hat at the department store.	prodavnici	0	0
Budućnost izgleda mračno za Edmond Dantesa, pošto je postao žrtva zavere, on je osuđen za izdaju i poslat doživotno u zatvor.	The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.	osuđen	0	0
Juče sam otišao u krevet bez pranja zuba.	Yesterday I went to bed without brushing my teeth.	zuba	0	0
Oni svakodnevno služe svežu ribu i jastroge, koje dobijaju jednom nedeljno avionom iz Norveške.	Every day, they serve fresh fish and lobster, which they get weekly by plane from Norway.	avionom	0	0
Da li je ovaj zub osetljiv na hladnu hranu?	Is this tooth sensitive to cold food?	zub	0	0
Nensi je iz Londona.	Nancy is from London.	londona	0	0
Postoji li razlog zbog kojeg čuvaš ove stare boce?	Is there some reason you're saving these old bottles?	čuvaš	0	0
Doktor je obavio šta je trebao, a da se mala princeza nije ni čula.	The doctor did what he was supposed to, and the little princess was very quiet.	obavio	0	0
Том није схватио да је Марија причала са њим.	Tom didn't realize that Mary was talking to him.	њим	0	0
Preklinjem te da ponovo razmisliš.	I beg you to reconsider.	razmisliš	0	0
Ona je stekla sjajno iskustvo radeći u pozorištima.	She has valuable experience working in theaters.	radeći	0	0
U budućnosti, mnogi radnici će biti zamenjeni robotima.	In the future, many workers will be replaced by robots.	radnici	0	0
Је ли то лоше?	Is it bad?	лоше	0	0
Mogao bih da pođem sa tobom.	I could go with you.	pođem	0	0
Ukraden joj je pasoš.	Her passport was stolen.	pasoš	0	0
Verovatno nisam ono što ljudi očekuju.	I'm probably not what people expect.	očekuju	0	0
Nastavi sa radom.	Continue working.	radom	0	0
Sigurna sam da ću da pobedim na tom teniskom meču.	I'm sure that I'll win that tennis match.	pobedim	0	0
Meri je rekla da će otkriti tajne svih svojih šefova ako joj ne povećaju platu.	Mary said that she would reveal all of her employer's secrets if he did not raise her wage.	platu	0	0
Јесам ли ја наручио ово?	Is this what I ordered?	јесам	0	0
Učiniću sve za tebe.	I'll do everything for you.	učiniću	0	0
Odustajem.	I'm quitting.	odustajem	0	0
Човече.	Holy smokes.	човече	0	0
U životu ima mnogo misterija.	There are many mysteries in life.	misterija	0	0
Da li si siguran da želiš da ja ovo prodam?	Are you sure that you want me to sell this?	prodam	0	0
Било је потребно сат и по времена да се пожар водеве под контролу.	It took an hour and a half to control the blaze.	под	0	0
Nabavi sve.	Get everything.	nabavi	0	0
Ovo bi moglo da traje nedeljama.	This could take weeks.	nedeljama	0	0
Sve je prolazno, ali lepe uspomene žive.	Everything is perishable, but the good memories live.	uspomene	0	0
Хтела бих да преноћим једну ноћ.	I'd like to stay for one night.	ноћ	0	0
Tretman se odvija uspešno.	The treatment is going successfully.	tretman	0	0
Tom i dalje obožava ovo mesto.	Tom still loves it here.	obožava	0	0
Tom kuva krompir da napravi salatu od krompira.	Tom is boiling the potatoes to make potato salad.	salatu	0	0
Dokument je dospeo u neprijateljske ruke.	The document passed into the enemy's hands.	dokument	0	0
Meri se vratila iz škole uplakana jer su je drugarice zadirkivale.	Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.	drugarice	0	0
Iznenađena sam što nisi znala da je Tom upao na Harvard.	I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom got into Harvard.	iznenađena	0	0
Biće težak meč.	It'll be a tough match.	meč	0	0
Večeras se održava zabava.	There's a party tonight.	održava	0	0
Preporučujem Vam da posetite Britanski Ratni Muzej u Londonu.	I recommend you visit the Imperial War Museum in London.	ratni	0	0
Videćete ga.	You'll see him.	videćete	0	0
Дођи, покушај.	Come try.	дођи	0	0
Vozite sporo.	Drive slowly.	sporo	0	0
Zar nećeš još jednu čašu mleka?	Won't you have another glass of milk?	mleka	0	0
Složio sam se da ga kupim.	I agreed to buy it.	složio	0	0
Moja baka po ocu uživa u ceremoniji čaja.	My paternal grandmother enjoys tea ceremonies.	uživa	0	0
Стој право!	Stand straight!	право	0	0
Postoji opasnost od ozbiljnih povreda ukoliko se ove mere predostrožnosti ne ispoštuju.	There is a danger of serious injury if these precautions are not followed.	povreda	0	0
Тешко је описати га.	It's difficult to describe it.	тешко	0	0
Za doručak uvek jedem voće i ovsenu kašu.	I always have fruit and oatmeal for breakfast.	voće	0	0
Бојим се да ћете морати да идете.	I'm afraid you'll have to go.	ћете	0	0
Hajde da popijemo nešto!	Let's drink something.	popijemo	0	0
Колико је ово велики проблем?	How big a problem is this?	велики	0	0
Maštala je da postane medicinska sestra.	She dreamed of becoming a nurse.	medicinska	0	0
Jednostavno nije bilo suđeno.	It just wasn't meant to be.	suđeno	0	0
Prva lekcija je laka.	The first lesson is easy.	lekcija	0	0
Jedan je senator nazvao predsednika druge zemlje, oficirem stare obaveštajne službe koji bi želeo da povrati staru imperiju te zemlje.	One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.	senator	0	0
Ne vidim ništa sumnjivo.	I don't see anything suspicious.	sumnjivo	0	0
Možeš li da stigneš na vreme?	Can you make it in time?	stigneš	0	0
Imaš li stabilnu vezu sa dečkom?	Do you have a steady boyfriend?	dečkom	0	0
Druge devojke iz Merinog odeljenja su joj se podsmevale zbog odeće.	The other girls in Mary's class teased her about her clothes.	odeće	0	0
Taj sat žuri jedan minut.	That clock is one minute fast.	žuri	0	0
Medvedi su veoma opasni.	Bears are very dangerous.	opasni	0	0
Dodati još vode!	Add more water to it.	dodati	0	0
Ovo je mali korak za čoveka, ali veliki skok za čovečanstvo.	That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.	skok	0	0
Zaboravljam gde ostavim kapu.	I forget where I put my hat.	kapu	0	0
Jelen je brži nego jači.	The deer is faster than it is strong.	brži	0	0
Ponesi ovo.	Carry this.	ponesi	0	0
Ne pričajte.	Don't talk.	pričajte	0	0
Tom je napisao nekoliko stotina članaka i nekoliko knjiga.	Tom has written hundreds of articles and several books.	stotina	0	0
Moramo da obavimo posao.	We have a job to do.	obavimo	0	0
Очекивао сам да ћу да будем овде целог поподнева.	I expected to be here all afternoon.	будем	0	0
Tom će najverovatnije da zakasni.	Tom is more than likely to be late.	najverovatnije	0	0
Tom me je zamolio da ga probudim u pola sedam.	Tom asked me to wake him up at six-thirty.	probudim	0	0
On je šutnuo loptu u gol!	He kicked the ball into the goal.	gol	0	0
To nije povezano.	That's unrelated.	povezano	0	0
Već sam probala to.	I've tried that already.	probala	0	0
Glumčeva karijera je trajala trideset godina.	The actor's career lasted for thirty years.	karijera	0	0
Proveri da je mačka napolju i da su vrata zaključana kada budeš odlazio.	Make sure the cat's out and all the doors are locked when you leave.	zaključana	0	0
Volela bih da me zoveš češće.	I wish you'd call me more often.	češće	0	0
U skladu sa našim pravilima, svi učesnici moraju da pri inspekciji pokažu legitimaciju, registracione papire i licencu.	According to our rules, all participants must present a photo ID, registration papers and valid license for inspection.	skladu	0	0
Već sam pisala Tomu.	I've already written to Tom.	pisala	0	0
Mnogo je loših ljudi na svetu.	There are many bad people in the world.	loših	0	0
Komitet preporučuje da oni koji su se žalili treba da budu nadoknađeni sa proporcionalnim delom godišnje naknade sa kamatama.	The Committee recommended that those complaining should be reimbursed with a proportionate share of the annual fee with interest.	delom	0	0
Дођи овамо.	Shove over.	овамо	0	0
Veličina brushaltera u Japanu je manja od brushaltera istog broja na zapadu, zbog manje prosečne veličine grudi.	Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.	zapadu	0	0
Да ли и теби недостаје дом?	Are you homesick, too?	теби	0	0
Тата, хајде да се кревељимо један према другом и да видимо ко најдуже може да издржи да се не насмеје.	Daddy, let's make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest.	према	0	0
Ja mogu da te uverim u to.	I can assure you of that.	uverim	0	0
Tom je dopustio da mu izmakne ova zlatna prilika.	Tom let this golden opportunity go by.	dopustio	0	0
Gledaj te patke na jezeru.	Look at those ducks on the pond.	jezeru	0	0
Toma slušaju zato što je ubedljiv.	Tom is listened to because of his persuasive power.	slušaju	0	0
Нашла сам неке старе новчиће у кутији коју ми је Том дао.	I found some old coins in the box Tom gave me.	неке	0	0
Sve teče.	Everything flows.	teče	0	0
Ti ćeš ga prepoznati kad ga vidiš.	You'll recognize it when you see it.	prepoznati	0	0
Čekaću.	I'll wait.	čekaću	0	0
Divim se vašoj hrabrosti.	I admire you for your courage.	divim	0	0
Rođen je u malom selu na jugu Turske.	He was born in a small village in the south of Turkey.	jugu	0	0
Проблем је у томе што не могу да се сетим где сам паркирао ауто.	The trouble is that I can't remember where I parked the car.	проблем	0	0
Završite ovo.	Finish this.	završite	0	0
Доста ми је свега.	I'm fed up with everything.	доста	0	0
Видео сам Тома како прелази преко моста.	I saw Tom crossing the bridge.	преко	0	0
Mora da je zastrašujuće.	It must be frightening.	zastrašujuće	0	0
Da li si pojela nešto?	Have you eaten anything?	pojela	0	0
Da li sam sada bezbedan?	Am I safe now?	bezbedan	0	0
Stižemo li uskoro?	Are we nearly there?	stižemo	0	0
Vozite polako.	Drive slowly.	vozite	0	0
Nisam mogao da prestanem da plačem.	I couldn't stop crying.	plačem	0	0
Odlučili su da se uzmu.	They decided to get married.	uzmu	0	0
Da li ste obojice pijani?	Are you both drunk?	pijani	0	0
Чуо сам да си ме тражила јуче.	I heard you were looking for me yesterday.	чуо	0	0
Da li smo se složili?	Do we have an agreement?	složili	0	0
Utrnula mi je leva noga.	My left foot is asleep.	leva	0	0
Još uvek me nazove ponekad.	He still rings me from time to time.	nazove	0	0
Tom je bio jedini dečak pozvan na Merinu žurku.	Tom was the only boy invited to Mary's party.	pozvan	0	0
Dobio sam 100 poena na ispitu iz matematike.	I scored 100 on the maths exam.	poena	0	0
Tom je upucan i ubijen.	Tom was shot and killed.	upucan	0	0
Stvarno se ponosim time.	I'm real proud of that.	ponosim	0	0
Osećam oštar bol u stomaku.	I have a sharp pain in the stomach.	stomaku	0	0
Primila je četiri imejla.	She received four e-mails.	primila	0	0
Oni su bili odgovorni za nezgodu.	They were responsible for the accident.	odgovorni	0	0
Pogledaj koliki je!	Look at the size of it!	koliki	0	0
Ne privlači pažnju.	Keep a low profile.	privlači	0	0
Mogu li da te poljubim?	Can I give you a kiss?	poljubim	0	0
Ви нисте довољно брзи.	You're not fast enough.	нисте	0	0
Seli smo na klupu da pričamo.	We sat down on a bench to talk.	seli	0	0
Mrzim nedelju! Odvratan dan!	I hate Sunday! It's a horrible day!	odvratan	0	0
Trajalo je oko godinu dana.	It lasted about a year.	trajalo	0	0
Engleski moraš učiti korak po korak.	English is something to be learned step by step.	učiti	0	0
Tom je zatvorio vrata.	Tom slid the door shut.	zatvorio	0	0
Da li bi želio da ideš jahati na konju?	Would you like to go horseback riding?	konju	0	0
То не би требало да нам одузме више од тридесет минута.	Doing that shouldn't take us more than thirty minutes.	минута	0	0
Постоји само једна особа која то може да уради, а то је Том.	There's only one person who can do that, and that's Tom.	једна	0	0
Imaću to na umu.	I'll bear that in mind.	imaću	0	0
Tom se smeje Meri.	Tom is laughing at Mary.	smeje	0	0
Francuska kuhinja je odlična.	French cuisine is excellent.	kuhinja	0	0
Том је пазио на мог пса док сам ја био у болници.	Tom looked after my dog while I was in the hospital.	мог	0	0
Moramo da platimo porez.	We must pay taxes.	porez	0	0
Nikada nisam dozvolio da moje školovanje ometa moje obrazovanje.	I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.	obrazovanje	0	0
Биће ми драго да помогнем кад год ти затребам.	I'll be glad to help you whenever you need me.	драго	0	0
Том не долази овде сваки дан.	Tom doesn't come here every day.	сваки	0	0
Izvanredno!	Terrific!	izvanredno	0	0
Danas je brod bio iznad Srednjeatlanskog Grebena - planinskog venca koji se nalazi na dnu okeana, na dubinama do 4500 metara.	Today, the ship remained over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge - a mountain range located on the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 3 miles.	okeana	0	0
Tri vojna lica su ubijena i tri povređena u eksploziji.	Three servicemen were killed and three were injured in the explosion.	povređena	0	0
Оженио је моју сестру.	He married my sister.	моју	0	0
Da svet nije u stanju u kakvom je sada, mogao bih da verujem svakome.	If the world weren't in the shape it is now, I could trust anyone.	svakome	0	0
Koliko si očajan?	How desperate are you?	očajan	0	0
Колико дуго живе пси?	How long do dogs live?	дуго	0	0
Стварно сам се надала да ће Том бити овде вечерас.	I really was hoping Tom would be here tonight.	вечерас	0	0
Tom se ponudio da pomogne kada je izgledalo da je sve krenulo potpuno pogrešno.	Tom lends a helping hand when everything seems to be going completely wrong.	krenulo	0	0
Kako došlo, tako i otišlo.	Easy come, easy go.	otišlo	0	0
Jeste li sigurni da je ova stvar bezbedna?	Are you sure this thing is safe?	bezbedna	0	0
"Učite iz svojih grešaka" i "Iskustvo je najbolji učitelj", kažu, ali na duge staze čak i najbolji učitelj pobesni, ako on ili ona ima previše da predaje u premalo vremena.	"Learn from your mistakes" and "Experience is the best teacher" they say, but in the long run even the best teacher gets mad, if he or she has too much to teach in too little time.	staze	0	0
Zašto toliko želiš da me povrediš?	Why do you want to hurt me so much?	povrediš	0	0
Pauza za ručak je gotova.	Our lunch break's over.	pauza	0	0
Ne možete za sve kriviti Toma.	You can't blame it all on Tom.	kriviti	0	0
Meseci sa najviše kiše su maj, juni, juli i avgust.	The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.	kiše	0	0
Položila sam sve testove.	I passed all my tests.	testove	0	0
Druge devojke iz Merinog odeljenja su joj se podsmevale zbog odeće.	The other girls in Mary's class teased her about her clothes.	odeljenja	0	0
Daj da sednem.	Let me sit down.	sednem	0	0
Ona ponekad piše svome sinu.	She writes to her son every now and then.	svome	0	0
Tom je bio prijateljski nastojen prema meni.	Tom was friendly to me.	prijateljski	0	0
Ја то не разумем.	I don't understand this.	разумем	0	0
Много људи који имају дијабетес ни не знају да га имају.	Many people who have diabetes don't know that they have it.	имају	0	0
Ako se muškarac unapredi ispred žene - to se naziva favorizovanje. Ako ona bude unapređena, ispred muškarca, to se naziva jednakost.	If a man is promoted before a woman, it's called favoritism. If she gets promoted before a man, it's called equality.	naziva	0	0
У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	такође	0	0
Све што си чуо је тачно.	Everything you've heard is correct.	тачно	0	0
Tom nije predložio ništa.	Tom has offered no suggestions.	predložio	0	0
Tom i Meri su pogrešili u vezi s tim.	Tom and Mary were wrong about that.	pogrešili	0	0
Tom kaže da si ga ti naterala da to uradi.	Tom says you talked him into doing it.	naterala	0	0
On ne podnosi zmije.	He has an abhorrence of snakes.	zmije	0	0
Ova stolica je napravljena u Australiji.	This chair was made in Australia.	stolica	0	0
Sada dolazimo do prve stavke sa liste.	Now we come to the first agenda item.	liste	0	0
Želiš li da ga zadržiš?	Do you want to keep it?	zadržiš	0	0
Doktor je rekao Tomu da treba da pije više vode.	The doctor told Tom that he should drink more water.	tomu	0	0
To je deo moje odgovornosti.	It's part of my responsibility.	odgovornosti	0	0
Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	visoki	0	0
Врло је обесхрабрујуће.	It is very discouraging.	врло	0	0
Počela je da prolazi prstima kroz kosu.	She started running her fingers through her hair.	prstima	0	0
Možemo da mnogo naučimo o ratno-istorijskom događaju kao što je progrom Jevreja i možemo da osiguramo da se ovo slično nikada ne ponovi.	We can learn a lot about an historical event such as the persecution of the Jews and make sure that something similar does not happen again.	događaju	0	0
Tom i Meri se lepo slažu.	Tom and Mary get along.	slažu	0	0
Da bi se obezbedila efikasna zaštita motora i podmazivanje pod svim uslovima rada, koristite samo najbolje motorno ulje.	To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.	uslovima	0	0
Uvredio si se zbog toga, iako to uopšte nije imalo to značenje, i to je trebalo da bude nešto smešno sa moje strane, ali ti to nisi video tako.	You took it as offensive, even though that was not at all my intention. I meant it as something funny, but you didn't see it like that.	značenje	0	0
Pobedila si!	You've won!	pobedila	0	0
Obrati pažnju na školska pravila.	You should observe the school rules.	obrati	0	0
Сваког кога упознате води битку, о којој ти не знаш ништа. Буди љубазан. Увек.	Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind. Always.	кога	0	0
Moj otac je uvek govorio da Bog pomaže onima koji pomažu sami sebi.	My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.	pomažu	0	0
Oduvek sam mrzeo da radim to.	I've always hated doing that.	mrzeo	0	0
Koji jezik govore u Meksiku?	What is the language spoken in Mexico?	meksiku	0	0
Samo treba da se vežba.	It just takes practice.	vežba	0	0
Hoćeš da mi se pridružiš, lepi?	Care to join me, handsome?	pridružiš	0	0
Osam najboljih igrača su preživeli deveti dan takmičenja.	The top eight players survived the ninth day of the tournament.	igrača	0	0
Glavni razlog zbog kojeg deca lažu jeste da bi izbegla nevolje.	The main reason kids tell lies is to avoid getting into trouble.	lažu	0	0
Sve je veoma jeftino.	Everything's dirt-cheap.	jeftino	0	0
Ja sam odgovorna osoba.	I'm a responsible person.	odgovorna	0	0
Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	slavu	0	0
Dozvolila mi je da krenem.	She allowed me to go.	dozvolila	0	0
Ово је срање.	This sucks.	срање	0	0
У овом ресторану се служи укусна супа.	This restaurant serves a delicious soup.	овом	0	0
Tom i Meri uživaju u šetnji duž puta hodočašća u Francuskoj.	Tom and Mary are enjoying a walk along the pilgrims' trail in France.	duž	0	0
Ne možeš da sedneš pored mene.	You can't sit next to me.	sedneš	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	lutke	0	0
Ne puštaj nikoga unutra!	Don't let anybody in.	puštaj	0	0
Nisam zadovoljna time.	I'm not happy with it.	zadovoljna	0	0
Trebalo bi da promeniš čaršave.	You should change your sheets.	promeniš	0	0
Tom je skočio u vodu, a nije skinuo odeću.	Tom jumped into the water without taking off his clothes.	skočio	0	0
Kada sunce klizne na zapad, lenjivci krenu u napad.	When the sun goes down in the west, the lazy man works the best.	krenu	0	0
Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	izgubljeno	0	0
Lepota leži u očima posmatrača.	Beauty lies in the eyes of the one who sees.	lepota	0	0
Uštedećete vreme ako pažljivo slušate moje instrukcije.	If you listen carefully to my instructions, it'll save you some time.	slušate	0	0
Da li bi mogao da dobijem jedan zagrljaj?	Would you mind giving me a hug?	zagrljaj	0	0
Tom je otvorio prozore u spavaćoj sobi.	Tom opened the bedroom windows.	prozore	0	0
Ne bih te povredila.	I wouldn't hurt you.	povredila	0	0
Volela bih da sam bogata kao Tom.	I wish I were as rich as Tom.	bogata	0	0
Bio bih nesrećan, ali ne bih počinio samoubistvo.	I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.	počinio	0	0
Život počinje tamo gde se tvoja zona konfora završava.	Life begins where your comfort zone ends.	zona	0	0
Zbunjena sam.	I'm baffled.	zbunjena	0	0
Tom nije izdržao i nekontrolisano je plakao držeći slovo na majčinoj sahrani.	Tom broke down and sobbed uncontrollably while giving the eulogy at his mother's funeral.	plakao	0	0
Hajde da pređemo to ponovo.	Let's go over it again.	pređemo	0	0
Tom je delovao starije i zrelije od ostalih dečaka.	Tom seemed older and more mature than the other boys.	starije	0	0
Kad je ovakvo vreme, najbolje je sedeti kući i ne izlaziti napolje.	In this kind of weather, it's best to stay home and not go outside.	sedeti	0	0
Oni su preživeli, iako je zgrada bila uništena.	They survived, even though the building was destroyed.	uništena	0	0
Moj pas je slep, ali voli da ide u šetnju.	My dog is blind, but he loves to go out for a walk.	slep	0	0
Najveći izazov sa kojim će se projekat suočiti jeste dostupnost radnika sa sposobnostima koje su potrebne da bi projekat doživeo procvat.	The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.	suočiti	0	0
Proveriću.	I'll check.	proveriću	0	0
Roditelji ne bi trebali da dozvole deci da budu surovi prema životinjama.	Parents shouldn't let children be cruel to animals.	životinjama	0	0
Драго ми је што ћеш нам помоћи.	I'm glad you're going to help us.	помоћи	0	0
Sekretarica je otvorila poštu koja je dostavljena to jutro.	The secretary opened the mail which had been delivered that morning.	sekretarica	0	0
Koli instrumenata umeš da sviraš?	How many instruments do you know how to play?	sviraš	0	0
"Šta ti se dopalo kod nje?" "Ne znam. Izgledala je misteriozno."	"What is it that you liked about her?" "I don't know. She seemed mysterious."	dopalo	0	0
Prestani s pričom.	Stop talking.	pričom	0	0
Mario i Luiđi su braća.	Mario and Luigi are brothers.	mario	0	0
Da bi se obezbedila efikasna zaštita motora i podmazivanje pod svim uslovima rada, koristite samo najbolje motorno ulje.	To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.	zaštita	0	0
Napravio je ogroman profit investirajući na tržište akcija.	He made a killing by investing in the stock market.	tržište	0	0
Желим да купим ову.	I want to buy this one.	ову	0	0
Том узе две флаше пива из фрижидера, једну за себе и једну за Џона, и стави их на сто.	Tom took two bottles of beer out of the fridge, one for himself and one for John, and put them on the table.	две	0	0
Никад нећеш да погодиш шта сам данас урадио.	You'll never guess what I did today.	нећеш	0	0
Tom mi dozvoljava da radim šta god poželim.	Tom allows me do whatever I want.	dozvoljava	0	0
Korišćenje kondoma tokom vaginalnog i analnog odnosa, i u oralnom seksu je najbolja preventivna mera.	The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.	seksu	0	0
Треба ми твоја помоћ.	I need your help.	помоћ	0	0
Mašina za pranje suđa se pokvarila.	The dishwasher's broken.	pranje	0	0
On je potpuni monarh.	He is a complete monarch.	potpuni	0	0
Norveška zastava ima tamnoplav Norveški krst sa belim ivicama na crvenoj pozadini, i ona je iz 1821. godine.	The Norwegian flag has a dark blue Nordic cross with white border on a red background, and it is from 1821.	krst	0	0
Tom piše lepše od mene.	Tom writes better than I do.	lepše	0	0
Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	proizvod	0	0
Upravo sam video da je ambasador Saudi Arabije dao ostavku.	I've seen just now that the ambassador of Saudi Arabia has resigned.	ostavku	0	0
Tom zna da se više od 91 odsto Norveškog stanovništva snadbeva pijaćom vodom iz površinskih izvora.	Tom knows that more than 91 per cent of the Norwegian population is supplied with potable water from surface water sources.	izvora	0	0
Наћи ћеш нам канцеларију на првом спрату.	You’ll find our office on the first floor.	наћи	0	0
Изузев неколико грешака, књига је добра.	Apart from a few errors, it's a good book.	добра	0	0
Sve vidiš u crnom.	You see everything in black colours.	crnom	0	0
Seniori treba da plate svoje kape i haljine.	Seniors need to pay for their caps and gowns.	haljine	0	0
Др Џексон има добар однос према пацијенту.	Dr. Jackson has a good bedside manner.	др	0	0
Treba da razgovaramo o ovome privatno.	We should discuss this in private.	privatno	0	0
Tom je to čuvao kao tajnu.	Tom kept it a secret.	čuvao	0	0
Ne računam na to.	I'm not counting on it.	računam	0	0
Samo se kloni ovoga.	Just stay out of this.	kloni	0	0
Зар не мислите да је ово ризично?	Don't you think this is risky?	мислите	0	0
Том хоће да уради то овог јутра.	Tom wants to do that this morning.	овог	0	0
Štiglić je veoma zanimljiva ptica.	The goldfinch is a very interesting bird.	zanimljiva	0	0
Ја ти нисам део породице.	I'm not a part of your family.	део	0	0
Dva metara dugačak živi krokodil je pronađen u stakleniku u bašti u Švedskom trećem gradu po veličini - Malmou.	A two-meter-long live crocodile has been found in a garden greenhouse in Sweden's third largest city, Malmö.	pronađen	0	0
Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	pacijenata	0	0
Svi su tihi.	Everyone's quiet.	tihi	0	0
Na kraju krajeva, pročitaj uputstva.	As a last resort, read the instructions.	krajeva	0	0
Rekao sam Tomu da sačeka.	I told Tom to wait.	sačeka	0	0
Nadam se da će ti se dopasti.	I hope that you like it.	dopasti	0	0
Mini suknje su se vratile u modu.	Mini-skirts are back in fashion again.	mini	0	0
Voda koja kaplje ne odranja kamen snagom nego istrajnošću.	Dripping water wears away a stone not with its strength, but with its constancy.	snagom	0	0
Tom je najbolji učenik u razredu.	Tom is the best student in our class.	učenik	0	0
Temperatura površine sunce je oko 6000°C.	The surface temperature of the sun is around 6000°C.	površine	0	0
Koji su ti planovi za ovaj vikend?	What are your plans for this weekend?	planovi	0	0
Bože me sačuvaj!	God forbid!	sačuvaj	0	0
Žene su ono najlepše u životu muškarca.	Women are the most beautiful part of a man's life.	najlepše	0	0
Snaga vode okreće točak.	Water power turns the wheel.	okreće	0	0
Nijedna polemika nije zauvek završena. Uvek će ponovo isplivati na površinu.	No controversy is ever over for good. It will always resurface at some point.	površinu	0	0
Sedeli su u krugu.	They sat in a circle.	krugu	0	0
Švajcarskoj trebaju bolje jabuke.	Switzerland needs better apples.	jabuke	0	0
Preseci crvenu žicu.	Cut the red wire.	crvenu	0	0
Molila sam se za tebe.	I've been praying for you.	molila	0	0
Tom je ubacio disk.	Tom inserted a disk.	ubacio	0	0
Tomov lični asistent ima ličnog asistenta.	Tom's personal assistant has a personal assistant.	asistent	0	0
U šahu postoje situacije u kojima se isplati da se žrtvuje figura da se stekne prednost na dugi rok.	In chess, there are situations where it pays off to sacrifice a piece to gain an advantage over the long term.	isplati	0	0
Можда касније.	Maybe later.	касније	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	državu	0	0
Saznaj šta se dogodilo.	Find out what happened.	saznaj	0	0
To teško može da bude u vezi strasti, možda je samo seks u pitanju.	It can hardly be a matter of passion. Perhaps it's just about sex.	strasti	0	0
Poznajem Džima još od detinjstva.	I've known Jim since my childhood.	detinjstva	0	0
Rekao sam im da mi pošalju drugu kartu.	I told them to send me another ticket.	pošalju	0	0
Ovde se pojave da uživaju uz fontanu sa ledom, pivom i korpom za izlet.	Here they show up to enjoy themselves by the fountain with ice, beer and picnic basket.	pojave	0	0
Nemam braće i sestara.	I have no siblings.	braće	0	0
Nema posledica.	It's of no consequence.	posledica	0	0
Povezanost između ličnosti i krvne grupe nije naučno potvrđena.	A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.	ličnosti	0	0
Samo da ne bude ni najmanje zabune da će nas ovo skupo koštati. Ali to je cena koju ćemo morati da platimo.	Let there be not even the slightest doubt that this will cost us dearly. But that is the price we'll have to pay.	koštati	0	0
Nedostatak je biti ružan.	It's a disadvantage to be ugly.	ružan	0	0
Mislim da se Tom trudio da me zadivi.	I think Tom has been trying to impress me.	trudio	0	0
Ne možeš da pojedeš samo jedan.	You can't eat just one.	pojedeš	0	0
Isteklo nam je vreme.	We've run out of time.	isteklo	0	0
Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	nijednu	0	0
Reci mu da sam nevina.	Tell him I'm innocent.	nevina	0	0
Čiji je ovo rukopis?	Whose handwriting is this?	rukopis	0	0
Solidno čitam kineski, ali ne umem lepo da ga pišem.	I can read Chinese fairly well, but I can't write it very well.	kineski	0	0
Изашли смо на терен и играли најбоље што смо могли.	We went out on the field and played as well as we could.	могли	0	0
Dve države su ispregovarale mirovni sporazum.	The two countries negotiated a peace treaty.	sporazum	0	0
Veoma si hrabra, zar ne?	You're very brave, aren't you?	hrabra	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	uništava	0	0
Ja i sva moja braća delimo sobu.	My brothers and I all share a room.	delimo	0	0
Sa Vaše desne strane vidite more.	You can see the sea on your right.	desne	0	0
Postaješ neobazriv.	You're getting careless.	postaješ	0	0
Imamo dovoljno sedišta za sve.	We have enough seats for everyone.	sedišta	0	0
Он је интелигентан колико и његов брат.	He is as intelligent as his brother.	његов	0	0
Tom je oduševljen.	Tom's delighted.	oduševljen	0	0
Program postavlja uslove za razvoj i implementaciju projekata.	The program sets the terms for project development and implementation.	postavlja	0	0
Nedostatak je biti ružan.	It's a disadvantage to be ugly.	nedostatak	0	0
Tom nije napisao nijedno pismo Meri dok nije bio tu.	Tom didn't even write one letter to Mary while he was away.	nijedno	0	0
Sve se vrlo brzo menja i to danas zahteva novi način razmišljanja kod zaposlenih.	Everything changes very quickly, which calls for a new mindset among today's employees.	razmišljanja	0	0
Tom nije trebalo da zapiše svoju šifru na unutrašnjim koricama sveske.	Tom shouldn't have written his password on the inside cover of his notebook.	šifru	0	0
Ona je doktorka.	She is a doctor.	doktorka	0	0
Majka i ćerka su predstavljale dve generacije.	The mother and daughter represented two generations.	generacije	0	0
Jednom nogom je u grobu	He's got one foot in the grave.	nogom	0	0
Nije li ti vruće? Zašto ne skineš džemper?	Aren't you hot? Why don't you take off your sweater?	skineš	0	0
Nensi je iz Londona.	Nancy is from London.	nensi	0	0
Snažno me je udarila u desnu nogu.	She gave me a hard kick on my right leg.	snažno	0	0
Ваше куче је покушало да ме уједе.	Your dog tried to bite me.	ваше	0	0
Tom je ubacio disk.	Tom inserted a disk.	disk	0	0
Neko među njima želi da te zagrli.	Someone among them wants to hug you.	zagrli	0	0
Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	tradicija	0	0
Izgubio je živce i izdrao se na mene.	He lost his temper and shouted at me.	živce	0	0
Ne možemo se složiti sa vama na ovom pitanju.	We cannot agree with you on this point.	složiti	0	0
Oslobođen je vojne službe.	He is exempt from the military service.	vojne	0	0
Ne mogu samo da se predam.	I can't simply give up.	predam	0	0
Kupujem mnogo stvari u toj prodavnici.	I buy loads of stuff at that store.	kupujem	0	0
Ovde pušenje nije dozvoljeno. Tovi svoj rak negde drugde!	Smoking is not allowed here. Please feed your cancer outside!	pušenje	0	0
Ima Tom svoje razloge.	Tom has his reasons.	razloge	0	0
Disertaciju moraš da napišeš na engleskom.	Your PhD thesis has to be written in English.	engleskom	0	0
Ken ima gitaru.	Ken has a guitar.	ken	0	0
Dobra savest je mekan jastuk.	A good conscience is a soft pillow.	savest	0	0
Gledaj kolika je!	Look at the size of it!	kolika	0	0
Imam kućne duhove.	I've got some brownies.	duhove	0	0
On je otkrio novu zvezdu.	He discovered a new star.	zvezdu	0	0
Јеси ли и даље с нама, Томе?	Are you still with us, Tom?	нама	0	0
Da li je procvetala crvena ruža?	Has the red rose blossomed?	ruža	0	0
Ne ljutim se na tebe, samo sam veoma razočaran.	I'm not angry at you, just very disappointed.	razočaran	0	0
Niko nam nije pomagao.	No one was helping us.	pomagao	0	0
Koliko si morao da platiš Tomu da bi ga nagovorio da očisti sneg sa krova?	How much did you have to pay Tom to get him to shovel the snow off your roof?	očisti	0	0
Ruže cvetaju na proleće.	The roses bloom in spring.	ruže	0	0
Bilo bi besmisleno.	It would be pointless.	besmisleno	0	0
Uzećemo sledećeg.	We'll get the next one.	uzećemo	0	0
У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	наше	0	0
Stvarno želimo da pobedimo.	We really want to win.	pobedimo	0	0
Tokom vedrih dana, vidimo planinu Fuđi u daljini.	On a clear day, we can see Mt. Fuji in the distance.	planinu	0	0
Hej, pruži mi priliku.	Hey, give me a chance.	pruži	0	0
Otkazao je sastanak u poslednjem trenutku.	He canceled the appointment at the last moment.	poslednjem	0	0
Oni svakodnevno služe svežu ribu i jastroge, koje dobijaju jednom nedeljno avionom iz Norveške.	Every day, they serve fresh fish and lobster, which they get weekly by plane from Norway.	dobijaju	0	0
Jedi supu dok je vruća.	Eat your soup while it's warm.	supu	0	0
Убио је тог човека.	He killed that man.	убио	0	0
Ponos teži da postane oholost, koja je blizak rod ludosti.	Pride tends to develop into hubris, which is close kin to madness.	rod	0	0
Мали сам.	I'm small.	мали	0	0
Ovakvi projekti se nikada ne završe.	Such projects are never finished.	završe	0	0
Zašto treba da nabavim psa?	Why should I get a dog?	nabavim	0	0
Misliš li da bi Tom hteo da ide na pecanje sa nama sledećeg vikenda?	Do you think that Tom would like to go fishing with us next weekend?	pecanje	0	0
Пробај да у једном тренутку радиш само једну ствар.	Try to do only one thing at a time.	једну	0	0
Ја сам против тога.	I oppose it.	против	0	0
Дошла си у прави тренутак.	You came at just the right moment.	прави	0	0
Treba da napišem deset stranica za sledeći ponedeljak.	I have to write a ten-page paper by next Monday.	stranica	0	0
Razgovor se pretvorio u politiku.	The conversation turned to politics.	politiku	0	0
Kiša konačno prestaje.	The rain is finally clearing up.	prestaje	0	0
Tom je promašio cilj.	Tom missed the target.	promašio	0	0
Prošlog meseca, moja sestra je rodila bebu od 3 kilograma.	Last month my sister gave birth to a six-pound baby.	kilograma	0	0
U gradovima, ograničenje brzine je 50 kilometara na sat.	In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.	brzine	0	0
Mi ograničavamo prtljag na deset kilograma po komadu.	We limit baggage to ten kilograms each.	prtljag	0	0
Tom je na tajnom zadatku.	Tom is on a top secret mission.	tajnom	0	0
Da li smo mi to nedemokratski kada pokušavamo da nad drugima forsiramo naše sopstvene jezičke norme?	Are we undemocratic when we try to impose our own linguistic norms on others?	sopstvene	0	0
Мислим да смо имали среће.	I think we were lucky.	имали	0	0
Прво ме је збунило.	It confused me at first.	прво	0	0
Погледај тамо.	Look there.	погледај	0	0
To je pesak.	It's sand.	pesak	0	0
Надам се да се ниси повредила.	I hope you didn't get hurt.	надам	0	0
Треба да знамо то.	We need to know that.	знамо	0	0
Zašto si juče bio odsutan?	Why were you absent yesterday?	odsutan	0	0
Jabuka je pala sa drveta.	The apple fell from the tree.	jabuka	0	0
Том и Мери се надају да ће њихово следеће дете бити дечак.	Tom and Mary hope that their next child will be a boy.	дете	0	0
Oni moraju da piju vodu.	They have to drink water.	piju	0	0
I to je bilo samo uz velike muke.	And it was only with great difficulty.	muke	0	0
Tom ima dobre beleške.	Tom kept good notes.	beleške	0	0
Da bi se pridružio horu, neophodno je da umeš da čitaš note.	To join the choir, you have to be able to read music.	pridružio	0	0
Jesi li video izlazak sunca? Bilo je uistinu prelepo.	Did you see the sunrise earlier? It was really beautiful.	uistinu	0	0
Tom je predao listu tema koje bi mogle da uđu u plan za godišnji sastanak.	Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.	uđu	0	0
Tom nije izdržao i nekontrolisano je plakao držeći slovo na majčinoj sahrani.	Tom broke down and sobbed uncontrollably while giving the eulogy at his mother's funeral.	sahrani	0	0
Moramo da zamenimo ovaj tepih koji su izjeli moljci.	We must replace this moth-eaten carpet.	tepih	0	0
Stepenicama ćemo.	We'll take the stairs.	stepenicama	0	0
Неко непознат је испред куће.	A stranger is standing in front of the house.	куће	0	0
On je svoj život posvetio ostvarivanju viziju onoga što je želeo da stvori za samog sebe i druge.	He devoted his life to pursuing a vision of what he wanted to create for himself and others.	viziju	0	0
Crn dim je izlazio iz dimnjaka.	Black smoke came out of the chimney.	izlazio	0	0
Hajde da sačekamo da Tom dođe da to uradi.	Let's wait until Tom gets here to do that.	sačekamo	0	0
Kako si mogao da pomisliš da možeš da imaš porodicu?	How would you ever think you could have a family?	pomisliš	0	0
Пусти ме да сањам.	Let me dream.	пусти	0	0
S kim razgovaraju?	Who are they talking to?	razgovaraju	0	0
Koliko si morao da platiš Tomu da bi ga nagovorio da očisti sneg sa krova?	How much did you have to pay Tom to get him to shovel the snow off your roof?	krova	0	0
Lav jede meso.	The lion is eating meat.	lav	0	0
Ni kod babe nema džabe.	Nothing's free.	džabe	0	0
Princeza Marija je bila zarobljena od moćnog zmaja koji se zove Tom.	Princess Mary was captured by the powerful dragon named Tom.	zmaja	0	0
Poznaju te.	They know you.	poznaju	0	0
Zašto si obrijao bradu?	Why did you shave off your beard?	bradu	0	0
Šta uopšte jedete?	What do you eat, anyway?	jedete	0	0
Ova kuća nalazi se na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	This house straddles the border between Canada and the United States.	granici	0	0
Stojiš mi na prolazu.	You are in my way.	prolazu	0	0
Nije moguće pokrenuti ovaj program u DOS režimu.	This program cannot be run in DOS mode.	pokrenuti	0	0
Ne želim da čujem ni reč ovoga da se širi unaokolo.	I don't want word of this getting around.	unaokolo	0	0
Tom je nosio crne farmerice i belu majicu.	Tom wore black jeans and a white T-shirt.	belu	0	0
Imamo tri psa, jednog belog i dva crna.	We have three dogs, one white and two black.	belog	0	0
Моја мајка воли музику.	My mother loves music.	мајка	0	0
Долази ли она?	Will she come?	долази	0	0
Tom nije ni u kakvoj opasnosti.	Tom's not in any danger.	kakvoj	0	0
Čuvali su svoju vezu u tajnosti.	They kept their relationship a secret.	tajnosti	0	0
Upucala sam medveda.	I shot a bear.	medveda	0	0
Većina naučnika je odbacila teoriju pomeranja kontinenata, jer je bilo tako teško da se zamisli da su pokreti ploča uopšte i mogući.	Most scientists had rejected the continental-drift theory because it had been so difficult to imagine that plate movements were even possible.	ploča	0	0
Bilo je tako puno ljudi u vozu, da sam morao da stojim.	The train was so packed that I had to stand up during the whole trip.	vozu	0	0
Odakle ti taj ožiljak?	How did you get that scar?	ožiljak	0	0
Jesu li zaljubljeni?	Are they in love?	zaljubljeni	0	0
Da li se Tom predomislio?	Did Tom change his opinion?	predomislio	0	0
Udario je vrata iz besa.	He banged the door in anger.	besa	0	0
Oni su takođe otkrili da se ista pogrešna procena napravila i u nekim drugim slučajevima.	They have also found that the same miscalculation was made in some other cases.	pogrešna	0	0
Pogledajmo to ponovo.	Let's watch that again.	pogledajmo	0	0
Da bi to postigao, moraš da rizikuješ.	In order to do that, you have to take risks.	postigao	0	0
Davno sam svirao klavir, tako da još uvek umem pomalo.	I used to play piano long ago, so I can still play a little.	svirao	0	0
Marija dobro poznaje radna uputstva i tehničke propise.	Mary has good knowledge of working instructions and technical regulations.	uputstva	0	0
Tom Džekson nam je jedini osumnjičeni.	Tom Jackson is our only suspect.	džekson	0	0
Možete li da mi objasnite?	Could you explain it to me?	objasnite	0	0
Neki se ponašaju kao da su rečenice koje oni naprave nešto najdragocenije što imaju.	Some people behave as if the sentences they create are the most precious things they have.	ponašaju	0	0
Jednostavno ne žurim.	I'm just taking my time.	žurim	0	0
Nadam se će se Tom setiti ovoga.	I hope Tom remembers this.	setiti	0	0
Dogodila se nova snežna lavina na putu u Ećeskaretu u Oda opštini u Hordalandu u utorak uveče i nije poznato da li je neko zarobljen u lavini.	There was another avalanche on the road to Ekkjeskaret in Odda municipality in Hordaland on Tuesday night. It is unknown whether anyone was caught in the avalanche.	zarobljen	0	0
Zima je prošla. Proleće je došlo.	Winter has gone. Spring has come.	proleće	0	0
Nemoj da odgovoriš.	Don't respond.	odgovoriš	0	0
Ljudi koji rade u obaveštajnoj službi obično uče mnogo jezika, ali oni moraju da čuvaju mnogo tajni.	People who work for an intelligence service usually learn many languages, but they have to keep a lot of secrets.	čuvaju	0	0
Tom će pričekati.	Tom'll wait.	pričekati	0	0
Riki, ovo je moj prijatelj Suzuki.	Ricky, this is my friend Suzuki.	riki	0	0
Video sam nilskog konja u zoološkom vrtu.	I saw a hippopotamus at the zoo.	vrtu	0	0
Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	ozbiljne	0	0
Da li bi mogao da te prekinem na trenutak samo?	May I interrupt you a while?	prekinem	0	0
Živim u staroj kući.	I live in an old house.	staroj	0	0
Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	posmatra	0	0
Nemoj se bojati pasa koji laju.	Don't be afraid of barking dogs.	bojati	0	0
Bio je to čudan prizor.	It was a strange sight.	prizor	0	0
Jedva čekam da se ti i moj brat upoznate.	I am anxious for you and my brother to become acquainted.	upoznate	0	0
Moraš da govoriš glasnije.	You've got to speak up.	glasnije	0	0
Ne mogu da verujem da si poljubila Toma.	I can't believe that you kissed Tom.	poljubila	0	0
Cena nije bitna.	The price isn't important.	bitna	0	0
Imali smo dugu nedelju.	We've had a long week.	dugu	0	0
Hajde da promenimo temu.	Let's drop the subject.	promenimo	0	0
Ogromno je.	It's huge.	ogromno	0	0
Nekoliko stabala je palo za vreme oluje u našoj okolini.	Several trees blew down in our neighborhood during the storm.	okolini	0	0
Program postavlja uslove za razvoj i implementaciju projekata.	The program sets the terms for project development and implementation.	uslove	0	0
Volela bih da sam se ja setila toga.	I wish I'd thought of that.	setila	0	0
Tom je skoro poginuo u pokušaju da me spase.	Tom almost died trying to save me.	spase	0	0
Ne ide dalje od Glavne Ulice, ali odatle možeš da hvataš broj 31.	It only goes as far as Main Street, but you can get the Number 31 there.	glavne	0	0
Tom me izluđuje.	Tom is driving me crazy.	izluđuje	0	0
Отишао сам до предњих врата да видим ко је тамо.	I went to the front door to see who was there.	отишао	0	0
Tri vojna lica su ubijena i tri povređena u eksploziji.	Three servicemen were killed and three were injured in the explosion.	vojna	0	0
Ne krijem se ni od kog.	I'm not hiding from anybody.	krijem	0	0
Kad sam išao u srednju školu, ustajao sam u 6 svako jutro.	Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.	srednju	0	0
Veličina brushaltera u Japanu je manja od brushaltera istog broja na zapadu, zbog manje prosečne veličine grudi.	Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.	veličina	0	0
Jednoglasno su zaključili da je on prekršio pravila o nelojalnoj imitaciji i dobre poslovne prakse u zakonu o reklamiranju.	They unanimously concluded that he had violated the rules against unfair imitation as well as good business practices under marketing law.	prekršio	0	0
Mislim da je ovo početak jednog divnog prijateljstva.	I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.	prijateljstva	0	0
Tomu ide pisanje.	Tom is good at writing.	pisanje	0	0
Ona ističe da ovaj poslednji potez vlade ima višestruko značenje.	She points out that this latest gesture of the government has multiple meanings.	ističe	0	0
Ovde se pojave da uživaju uz fontanu sa ledom, pivom i korpom za izlet.	Here they show up to enjoy themselves by the fountain with ice, beer and picnic basket.	izlet	0	0
Spasavala je živu glavu.	She ran for dear life.	živu	0	0
Igrali smo poker ceo dan.	We played poker the entire day.	poker	0	0
Izgubio sam tok misli.	I lost my train of thought.	tok	0	0
Videla sam miša.	I saw a mouse.	miša	0	0
Na to sam se navikla.	It's what I'm used to.	navikla	0	0
Ма немој ми рећи!	Tell me about it!	ма	0	0
Том није имао појма да Мери планира да у Аустралији остане пар недеља.	Tom had no idea that Mary was planning to stay in Australia for a few weeks.	пар	0	0
Преселила сам се у Бостон мало након што сам завршила факултет.	I moved to Boston shortly after graduating from college.	након	0	0
Da li smo sad bezbedni?	Are we safe now?	bezbedni	0	0
Možeš li da napraviš dvostruko ulančanu listu i da je sortiraš?	Can you make a doubly-linked list and sort it?	dvostruko	0	0
Tom je bio Džonov venčani kum.	Tom was John's best man.	kum	0	0
Tom voli da se provodi.	Tom likes to party.	provodi	0	0
Imali smo naporan dan.	We had a busy day.	naporan	0	0
Zatekao sam prazan kavez.	I found the cage empty.	kavez	0	0
Hajde da prodiskutujemo opcije.	Let's discuss our options.	opcije	0	0
Platite unapred	Pay it forward.	platite	0	0
Доћи ће.	They'll come.	доћи	0	0
Одлучио сам да кренем назад ка кабини.	I've decided to head back to the cabin.	назад	0	0
Konja bih mogla da pojedem.	I could eat a horse.	pojedem	0	0
Smrt njenog muža je uopšte nije pogodila.	She was quite unaffected by the death of her husband.	pogodila	0	0
Pravimo roštilj.	We're having a barbecue.	roštilj	0	0
Detektivi i dalje istražuju.	Detectives are still investigating.	detektivi	0	0
Mogao bih da izgubim penziju.	I could lose my pension.	penziju	0	0
Bio bih nesrećan, ali ne bih počinio samoubistvo.	I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.	nesrećan	0	0
Nemoj da pevaš.	Don't sing.	pevaš	0	0
Problematična deca su često bez bilo kakvog osećaja krivice.	Troubled children often lack any sense of guilt.	krivice	0	0
Ne mogu da verujem da ste me lagali.	I can't believe you lied to me.	lagali	0	0
Možete li da mi objasnite kako da stignem do aerodroma?	Can you explain to me how I can get to the airport?	aerodroma	0	0
Вероватно бих урадила исто.	I'd probably have done the same thing.	исто	0	0
Kao svedoci surovog odnosa prema životinjama, deca mogu postati surova.	Witnessing cruelty to animals, children may become cruel.	svedoci	0	0
U nekim slučajevima smaragdi mogu da budu dragoceniji od dijamanata.	In some cases, emeralds can be worth more than diamonds.	slučajevima	0	0
Reci mi šta ste napisali.	Tell me what you wrote.	napisali	0	0
Imitiranje gestova, radnji i ponašanja može biti, ali nije obavezno, svestan čin.	Imitation of gestures, actions and manners may or may not be a conscious act.	obavezno	0	0
Tako sam debeo.	I'm so fat.	debeo	0	0
Spustio sam poslužavnik na sto.	I set the tray down on the table.	spustio	0	0
Poslednji put kada sam otišao na plažu, žestoko sam izgoreo.	The last time I went to the beach, I got badly sunburned.	žestoko	0	0
Да ли си икад пре јео овако добру супу?	Have you ever tasted soup this good before?	овако	0	0
Stavi ovo u džep.	Put this in your pocket.	džep	0	0
Zima je prošla. Proleće je došlo.	Winter has gone. Spring has come.	zima	0	0
Odjednom su se otvorila nebesa.	Suddenly the heavens opened.	nebesa	0	0
Pomerite se.	Step aside.	pomerite	0	0
Pre nego što ova odluka stupi na snagu, niko neće ni prstom da mrdne da ovo reši.	Before this decision takes effect, nobody will lift a finger in order to solve this.	prstom	0	0
Većina ljudi me smatra ludim.	Most people think I'm crazy.	ludim	0	0
Sve ostalo je nebitno.	The rest doesn't matter.	nebitno	0	0
Nemate dozvolu da uđete u tu prostoriju.	You aren't allowed to go into that room.	uđete	0	0
Znači ipak imaš dlake na grudima.	So you've got hair on your chest after all.	dlake	0	0
Tom je otvorio prozore u spavaćoj sobi.	Tom opened the bedroom windows.	spavaćoj	0	0
Kasno je zatvoriti vrata štale kad je konj već ukraden.	It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is stolen.	ukraden	0	0
Koja je braon?	Which is brown?	braon	0	0
Tom je ugovorio termin.	Tom made an appointment.	termin	0	0
Ti je jednostavna stvar.	This is a straightforward case.	jednostavna	0	0
Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	tame	0	0
Ne zabavljaš se ni sa kim, zar ne?	You don't date, do you?	zabavljaš	0	0
Možemo da iskoristimo resurse ovog ogromnog regiona tako što raspodelimo zadatke između sebe.	We can utilize the resources of this vast region by distributing tasks among ourselves.	iskoristimo	0	0
Mogu li da pozajmim tvoju olovku nakratko?	Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?	pozajmim	0	0
Postajem dobar u tome.	I'm getting good at it.	postajem	0	0
Сви осим Тома су имали капу.	Everyone but Tom had a hat on.	осим	0	0
Škole i putevi su usluge koje se plaćaju porezom.	Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes.	putevi	0	0
Drži decu podalje od lekova.	Keep children away from medicine.	lekova	0	0
Ja bih prihvatila.	I'd accept.	prihvatila	0	0
Hej, opušteno.	Hey, relax.	opušteno	0	0
Konačno je zaspala.	She finally fell asleep.	zaspala	0	0
Sproveo sam analizu koja je pokazala da bi bilo potrebno mnogo više novca nego što su ranije očekivali.	I carried out an analysis that showed that much more money would be needed than they had previously anticipated.	analizu	0	0
Прошло је пуно времена откако сам радио то.	It's been a long time since we've done that.	пуно	0	0
Karakter čoveka je njegova sudbina.	A man's character is his fate.	karakter	0	0
Nadam se da će sve ispasti kako valja.	Hopefully, things will work out.	ispasti	0	0
Stavio je plavu fasciklu na sto.	He put the blue folder down on the table.	plavu	0	0
Ova stolica je napravljena u Australiji.	This chair was made in Australia.	napravljena	0	0
Tom je imao drugara iz Australije kome je isao nekoliko puta mesečno.	Tom used to have a penpal in Australia that he wrote to several times a month.	mesečno	0	0
Da li misliš da su igre i učenje spojivi?	Do you think that games and learning are compatible?	učenje	0	0
Prozor je od stakla.	The window is made of glass.	stakla	0	0
Većina naučnika je odbacila teoriju pomeranja kontinenata, jer je bilo tako teško da se zamisli da su pokreti ploča uopšte i mogući.	Most scientists had rejected the continental-drift theory because it had been so difficult to imagine that plate movements were even possible.	mogući	0	0
Da li je ovo tvoja čaša, ili tvoje sestre?	Is this your glass or your sister's?	čaša	0	0
Iznenadio me je Tomov odgovor.	I'm surprised by Tom's response.	iznenadio	0	0
Dobra savest je mekan jastuk.	A good conscience is a soft pillow.	jastuk	0	0
Ovaj kandidat je značajno bolji u poređenju sa njegovim prethodnikom.	This candidate is significantly better compared to his predecessor.	kandidat	0	0
Ne pomeraj se!	Don't move!	pomeraj	0	0
On ima dobar ugled.	He has a good reputation.	ugled	0	0
U ovom razredu ima 40 učenika.	There are 40 pupils in this class.	učenika	0	0
Nisi odgovorila na pitanje.	You didn't answer the question.	odgovorila	0	0
Тому иде прилично добро за једног почетника.	Tom does pretty well for a beginner.	једног	0	0
Da li bi mogao da baciš pogled i vidiš da li ima dovoljno hleba za naše ručkove sutradan?	Could you have a look and see if there's enough bread for our lunches tomorrow?	baciš	0	0
Tom je bio upravnik sve do 2010 kada je Marija preuzela vođstvo.	Tom was a manager until 2010, when Mary took over the lead.	upravnik	0	0
Izašao sam u šetnju na svež vazduh.	I went out for a walk to get some fresh air.	svež	0	0
Da ne misliš da je to pomalo grubo?	Don't you think that's a little harsh?	grubo	0	0
Ček-ček festival se održao u Latviji.	A "chek-chek" festival took place in Latvia.	festival	0	0
Треба ли Тому још једно пиво?	Does Tom want another beer?	једно	0	0
Četvorougao je geometrijska figura sa četiri stranice i četiri ugla.	A quadrilateral is a geometric figure with four sides and four angles.	stranice	0	0
Tom je otputovao na legendarnom Orijent Ekspresu iz Pariza u Istanbul.	Tom traveled on the legendary Orient Express from Paris to Istanbul.	pariza	0	0
Prva faza je završena.	The first stage is complete.	faza	0	0
To nije glavno pitanje.	That isn't the main issue.	glavno	0	0
Ne mogu da odlučim gde da se parkiram.	I'm having trouble deciding where to park.	odlučim	0	0
Na selu ima mnogo drveća.	There are lots of trees in the countryside.	drveća	0	0
Možeđ li samo da me odvedeš kući, molim te?	Could you just take me home, please?	odvedeš	0	0
Možeš li da me probudiš u sedam sutra ujutru?	Can you wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow morning?	probudiš	0	0
Tom je najbolji učenik u odeljenju.	Tom is the best student in our class.	odeljenju	0	0
Hajde samo da se bacimo na posao.	Let's just get to work.	bacimo	0	0
Sigurna sam da Tom nije nameravao da ti povredi osećanja.	I'm sure Tom didn't intend to hurt your feelings.	nameravao	0	0
On je svoj život posvetio ostvarivanju viziju onoga što je želeo da stvori za samog sebe i druge.	He devoted his life to pursuing a vision of what he wanted to create for himself and others.	stvori	0	0
Svi građani treba da poštuju zakon.	All citizens should respect the law.	građani	0	0
Meri je svesna razmaka između prednjih zuba.	Mary's self-conscious about the gap between her front teeth.	svesna	0	0
Morate da napustite automobil.	You must get off the car.	napustite	0	0
У ком правцу идеш?	Which way are you going?	идеш	0	0
Volela bih da mi dozvoliš da ti pomognem.	I wish you'd let me help you.	dozvoliš	0	0
Bilo je pomalo nezgodno.	It was a little tricky.	nezgodno	0	0
Napisao je knjigu u Kini.	He wrote a book in China.	kini	0	0
On nikada ne ide vozom.	He never takes the train.	vozom	0	0
Ljudi sa agrafijom ne mogu da pišu zbog povrede mozga.	People with agraphia can't write due to a brain injury.	pišu	0	0
Мислим да знам све људе овде.	I think I know everybody here.	људе	0	0
Molim te, ne teraj me da jedem to.	Please don't force me to eat that.	teraj	0	0
Stoji na sceni ukočen kao kolac.	He stands stiff as a poker on the stage.	sceni	0	0
Samo te zezam.	I'm only pulling your leg.	zezam	0	0
Da li bi želeli još krompir pirea?	Would you like more mashed potatoes?	krompir	0	0
Tom mrzi svoju malu spavaću sobu.	Tom hates his tiny bedroom.	spavaću	0	0
Hajde da to razjasnimo.	Let's be clear.	razjasnimo	0	0
Tom je doneo svoju gitaru.	Tom brought his guitar.	gitaru	0	0
Vozili smo miljama.	We drove for miles.	vozili	0	0
Hvala na lepom razgovoru.	Thanks for the good conversation.	razgovoru	0	0
S tvoje leve strane je.	It's to your left.	leve	0	0
Мислим да је Том био унутра.	I think Tom was in.	унутра	0	0
Tom je na putovanju.	Tom is away on a trip.	putovanju	0	0
Toma je napala Merijina sestra.	Tom was attacked by Mary's sister.	napala	0	0
Je li ovo pravi dijamant?	Is this diamond real?	dijamant	0	0
Proverila sam.	I've checked.	proverila	0	0
Ја то увек кажем својим ученицима.	I tell my students that all the time.	својим	0	0
Subota je.	It's Saturday.	subota	0	0
Tom gricka nokte.	Tom bites his nails.	nokte	0	0
Oslobodila je pticu iz kaveza.	She set the bird free from the cage.	pticu	0	0
Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	efekat	0	0
Naravno, zakasnio je u školu, kao i obično.	Needless to say, he was late for school as usual.	zakasnio	0	0
Planiram da sinu dam kompjuter krajem meseca.	I plan to give my son a computer at the end of the month.	krajem	0	0
Zainteresovana sam.	I'm interested.	zainteresovana	0	0
On ima velike ambicije, ali svi treba da pratimo i vidimo da li će se ti snovi ispuniti.	He has great ambitions, but we should all follow the series and see if the dreams will be fulfilled.	ispuniti	0	0
Пет сати је ујутру у Бразилу.	It's 5:00 a.m. here in Brazil.	пет	0	0
Da nadogradite firmver, idite na stranicu za preuzimanje i dovucite najnoviju verziju.	To upgrade the firmware, you must go to the download page and download the latest version.	verziju	0	0
Nasilje je jedini jezik koji oni razumeju.	Violence is the only language they understand.	razumeju	0	0
Poklonici Višnua nazivaju se Višnuanci; poklonici Šive su Šivanci.	The devotees of Vishnu are called Vaishnavas; the devotees of Shiva are Shaivites.	nazivaju	0	0
Ложим се на њу.	I have a hard-on for her.	њу	0	0
Treba ti hobi.	You need a hobby.	hobi	0	0
Bio sam prisutan u školi juče.	I was present at school yesterday.	prisutan	0	0
Ko želi toplu čokoladu?	Who wants a hot chocolate?	čokoladu	0	0
Nisam bila preterano iznenađena.	I wasn't too surprised.	preterano	0	0
Molimo Vas, ostavite ovo mesto čistim koliko biste biste želeli da ga pronađete.	Please leave this place as clean as you would like to find it.	čistim	0	0
Tom je umro skoro istog trena.	Tom died almost instantly.	trena	0	0
Pauk ti je odneo auto.	Your car has been towed away.	odneo	0	0
То је апсолутна истина!	That's the absolute truth.	истина	0	0
Dobro me plaćaš.	You pay me well enough.	plaćaš	0	0
Trebalo bi da promeniš frizuru.	You should change your hair style.	frizuru	0	0
Mi ćemo objaviti rezultate ćim ih verificiramo.	We'll announce the results as soon as we verify them.	objaviti	0	0
Bio sam u planinama.	I was in the mountains.	planinama	0	0
Tom je prišao da pomogne.	Tom stepped in to help.	prišao	0	0
Napravljen je video snimak intervjua i objavljen je širom interneta.	The interview was recorded on video and shared all over the Internet.	interneta	0	0
Posluži se.	Help yourself.	posluži	0	0
Ljudi koji rade u obaveštajnoj službi obično uče mnogo jezika, ali oni moraju da čuvaju mnogo tajni.	People who work for an intelligence service usually learn many languages, but they have to keep a lot of secrets.	uče	0	0
Mogao sam da iskoristim to.	I could have used that.	iskoristim	0	0
Šta predlažeš?	What is it you propose?	predlažeš	0	0
Preporučujem Vam da posetite Britanski Ratni Muzej u Londonu.	I recommend you visit the Imperial War Museum in London.	britanski	0	0
Tom je ranije pisao članke za lokalne novine.	Tom used to write articles for the local newspaper.	lokalne	0	0
Ponos teži da postane oholost, koja je blizak rod ludosti.	Pride tends to develop into hubris, which is close kin to madness.	blizak	0	0
"Učite iz svojih grešaka" i "Iskustvo je najbolji učitelj", kažu, ali na duge staze čak i najbolji učitelj pobesni, ako on ili ona ima previše da predaje u premalo vremena.	"Learn from your mistakes" and "Experience is the best teacher" they say, but in the long run even the best teacher gets mad, if he or she has too much to teach in too little time.	predaje	0	0
Ne zaboravi da pošalješ ovo pismo.	Don't forget to send this letter.	pošalješ	0	0
Нисам могла да се борим.	I couldn't fight.	могла	0	0
Moja žena, koja je odrasla u Norveškoj, mi je od prvog momenta stavila do znanja da nije više aktuelno da žena trčkara oko muža po ceo dan.	My wife, who grew up in Norway, made it very clear, from the first moment, that it wasn't practice to be of service to the husband at all times.	momenta	0	0
Sve je vezano za psoao.	It's all work-related.	vezano	0	0
Могу ли добити мало шећера?	I'd like some sugar.	добити	0	0
Objasniću.	I'll explain.	objasniću	0	0
Nemoj da staneš.	Don't stop.	staneš	0	0
Mi ograničavamo prtljag na deset kilograma po komadu.	We limit baggage to ten kilograms each.	komadu	0	0
Zbog pogrešnog proračuna oni su izgubili dragoceno vreme.	Due to the miscalculation, they lost valuable time.	pogrešnog	0	0
Ne možeš za sve da kriviš Toma.	You can't blame it all on Tom.	kriviš	0	0
Anatomski implanti za grudi, međutim, takođe mogu da dovedu do deformacije oblika grudi ako rotiraju na bok.	Anatomical breast implants, however, can also deform the shape of the breast if they rotate sideways.	oblika	0	0
Marija je bila besna kao ris.	Mary began to feel hot under the collar.	besna	0	0
Preživela sam.	I survived.	preživela	0	0
Том је назвао свог трећег сина по свом деди.	Tom named his third son after his grandfather.	свог	0	0
Ко пре девојци - њему девојка!	Finders keepers!	девојка	0	0
Više volim šator sa olujnim pokrivačem, zajedno sa ukrštenim šipkama zbog stabilnosti na vetru i snežnih nanosa, i ovo mora da bude dvoslojni šator.	I prefer a tent with storm flaps and intersecting tent poles to provide stability against wind and resistance against the weight of snow, and it must be a two-layer tent.	šator	0	0
Јеси ли записао број?	Did you write down the number?	број	0	0
Tom je u skladištu.	Tom is in the warehouse.	skladištu	0	0
Не знаш ни како се он зове, је л' тако?	You don't even know his name, do you?	зове	0	0
Bira sam između dve mogućnosti.	I chose between two options.	bira	0	0
Tom se sagnuo da se sakrije.	Tom ducked for cover.	sakrije	0	0
Možeš li da mi objasniš kako da stignem do aerodroma?	Can you explain to me how I can get to the airport?	objasniš	0	0
Том је чучнуо.	Tom crouched.	том	0	0
Svi smo umorni od ovoga.	We're all tired of this.	umorni	0	0
Meri je na trenutak bila tiha.	Mary was quiet for a moment.	tiha	0	0
Ћао, Томе.	Bye, Tom.	ћао	0	0
Šta još kriju?	What else are they hiding?	kriju	0	0
Svi budući sastanci će biti održani u ovoj prostoriji.	All future meetings will be held in this room.	prostoriji	0	0
Setite se imena fajla pre nego što pokušate da izvršite povratak obrisanih fajlova.	Recall the filename before you try to perform file recovery.	setite	0	0
Mala devojčica ima lutku u rukama.	The little girl has a doll in her hands.	lutku	0	0
Kompanije koje provode više vremena i novca na alatima za razvoj, imaju veću produktivnost i veću prodaju.	Companies that spend more time and money on development tools have higher productivity and sell more.	razvoj	0	0
Odlučio sam da studiram francuski na univerzitetu.	I've decided to major in French in college.	univerzitetu	0	0
Više jedva da te viđamo ovde.	We hardly ever see you around here anymore.	viđamo	0	0
Bila je to topla letnja noć.	It was a warm summer night.	topla	0	0
Većina ljudi voli piletinu.	Most people like chicken.	piletinu	0	0
Vlada se slama zbog spletki oko izbegavanja plaćanja poreza.	The government is cracking down on tax avoidance schemes.	poreza	0	0
To je bio zli zec.	That was an evil bunny.	zec	0	0
Koliko ljudi je bilo na tvojoj žurci?	How many people were at your party?	žurci	0	0
Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	komandu	0	0
Свиђа ми се храна овде.	I like the food here.	свиђа	0	0
Imaš li parfem?	Are you wearing perfume?	parfem	0	0
Tom je zatvorio ogradu.	Tom hurdled the fence.	ogradu	0	0
Plašila sam se da pitam jer nisam htela da izgledam glupo.	I was scared to ask questions because I didn't want to look stupid.	plašila	0	0
Toni nije hteo da radi u radnji ili fabrici.	Tony did not want to work in a shop or a factory.	fabrici	0	0
Trier je najstariji grad u Nemačkoj.	Trier is the oldest city in Germany.	nemačkoj	0	0
Држи се.	Hang on there.	држи	0	0
To su ti izbori.	Those are your options.	izbori	0	0
Ne želim da budem grub.	I didn't mean to be rude.	grub	0	0
Stvarno mi se dopala emisija.	I really loved the show.	emisija	0	0
Hajde da pobegnemo.	Let's make a break for it.	pobegnemo	0	0
Internet nije tvoja lična armija.	The Internet is not your personal army.	armija	0	0
Nije lako zabaviti Toma.	Tom isn't easily amused.	zabaviti	0	0
Врати се у своју кућу.	Go back to your house.	врати	0	0
Како ти се чини сутра?	How about tomorrow?	чини	0	0
Ako postoji, postoji porno verzija toga. Nema izuzetaka.	If it exists, there is porn of it. No exceptions.	porno	0	0
Poklanjaju se jabuke i kruške, a ne zlato i zelene šume.	One gives away apples and pears, and not gold and green forests.	zelene	0	0
Nadam se da neće primetiti moju grešku.	I hope my mistake will escape his notice.	primetiti	0	0
To je juče pokvarilo raspoloženje za stolom.	That ruined the mood at the dinner table yesterday.	raspoloženje	0	0
Da li je Tom poverovao u tvoju priču?	Did Tom buy your story?	poverovao	0	0
Drže me kao taoca.	I'm being held hostage.	taoca	0	0
Izlazak iz zone konfora je dosta kompliciran.	Leaving our comfort zone is quite complicated.	zone	0	0
Prelepa plavuša sunčala se na plaži.	The beautiful blonde was sunbathing on the beach.	plavuša	0	0
Sedenje po ceo dan i gledanje u ekran računara je loše za tebe.	Sitting down all day and looking at a computer screen is bad for you.	gledanje	0	0
Ne troši glas.	Don't waste your breath.	troši	0	0
Mislio sam da idete u Boston autobusom.	I thought you were going to Boston by bus.	boston	0	0
Pošto je dobila na lutriji, izašla je u partiju šopinga.	Having won the lottery, she went on a shopping spree.	partiju	0	0
Nemoj da varaš.	Don't cheat.	varaš	0	0
Moj otac je popravio polomljenu stolicu.	My father fixed a broken chair.	popravio	0	0
Snažno me je udarila u desnu nogu.	She gave me a hard kick on my right leg.	desnu	0	0
Tom kuva za nas.	Tom cooks for us.	kuva	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	hleba	0	0
Нећеш имати много мука.	You will have little trouble.	имати	0	0
Tom je fizički bio tu, ali ne i mentalno.	Tom was there physically, but not mentally.	mentalno	0	0
Posao policije je da sprečava i istražuje kriminal.	The police's job is to prevent and investigate crime.	sprečava	0	0
Naoružan sam.	I'm armed.	naoružan	0	0
Brod je iskrcan u luci.	The ship was unloaded at the port.	luci	0	0
Tom je tolko bogat da čak i njegove sluge imaju sluge.	Tom is so rich that even his servants have servants.	sluge	0	0
Lako je izmeniti email adrese tako da e-mail izgleda kao da je stigao od nekog drugoga.	It is easy to fake email addresses so that an e-mail looks like it comes from someone else.	adrese	0	0
Uradio sam sve što sam mogao da spasem Toma.	I did everything I could to save Tom.	spasem	0	0
Tom je protrljao magičnu lampu, i sto je odmah bio prekriven najukusnijim jelima.	Tom rubbed the magic lamp, and immediately the table was covered with delicious dishes.	lampu	0	0
Možeš li da da javiš Tomu da sam navratio?	Could you tell Tom that I stopped by?	javiš	0	0
Tom je izvadio neku ličnu kartu.	Tom pulled out some ID.	ličnu	0	0
Tom je dopustio da mu izmakne ova zlatna prilika.	Tom let this golden opportunity go by.	zlatna	0	0
Bio je golih prsa i bos.	He was bare-chested and barefoot.	prsa	0	0
Postoji li razlog zbog kojeg čuvaš ove stare boce?	Is there some reason you're saving these old bottles?	boce	0	0
Ležim i slušam direktni prenos sa demonstracija u Oslu.	I am listening to the live broadcast from the demonstration in Oslo while lying down.	prenos	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	redovno	0	0
Ona je učiteljica joge.	She's a yoga teacher.	učiteljica	0	0
Ne želim nikakvo zlo.	I didn't mean any harm.	nikakvo	0	0
Niko ne može da spreči Toma.	No one can stop Tom.	spreči	0	0
Pisac knjige "Poslednji mohikanac", Džejms Fenimor Kuper je bio prvi borac za zaštitu prirode.	The author of "The Last of the Mohicans", James Fenimore Cooper, was the first environmentalist.	kuper	0	0
Tom i Marija igraju šah sa skupom ručno izrezbarenih šahovskih figura navodno od slonovače.	Tom and Mary are playing chess with a set of hand-carved chess pieces supposedly made of ivory.	šah	0	0
Internet nije tvoja lična armija.	The Internet is not your personal army.	lična	0	0
Da bi u potpunosti shvatili kako se koristi neka reč, neophodno je da se koristi u mnogim različitim kontekstima.	In order to fully understand how a word is used, it needs to be used in many different contexts.	različitim	0	0
Ti si najlepša žena koju sam ikada video.	You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.	najlepša	0	0
Firenca je najlepši grad u Italiji.	Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.	italiji	0	0
Том је рекао Мери да зна да говори гранцуски иако заправо не зна.	Tom told Mary that he could speak French even though he really couldn't.	говори	0	0
Tom je izvadio neku ličnu kartu.	Tom pulled out some ID.	izvadio	0	0
Već sam plaćen.	I've already been paid.	plaćen	0	0
Da li se bojiš pacova?	Are you afraid of rats?	pacova	0	0
Možete da formatirate i podešavate tabelu za unakrsne proračune, ubacite i koristite obične tabele, dijagrame, formule i funkcije.	You can format and customize a worksheet, and insert and use tables, charts, formulas and functions.	obične	0	0
Probali ste.	You've tried.	probali	0	0
Iskreno, ja sam imao samo jednu prednost nad većinom drugih, a to je da sam bio dobar u tome da se stalno unapređujem.	Honestly, I've only had one advantage over most of the others, and that is that I've been good in constantly improving myself.	većinom	0	0
Očajna sam.	I'm miserable.	očajna	0	0
Ne muči se s tim bezveze.	Don't bother with that.	bezveze	0	0
Рекли су ми да не узнемиравам Тома.	I was told not to disturb Tom.	рекли	0	0
Trebalo bi da proveriš svoje odgovore.	You should check your answers.	proveriš	0	0
Том је пробао да сакрије модрице с десне руке.	Tom tried to hide the bruises on his right arm.	руке	0	0
Tretman se odvija uspešno.	The treatment is going successfully.	uspešno	0	0
Priđi bliže.	Come closer.	priđi	0	0
Rađe ne bih da budem uključen u ovoj fazi, hvala ti.	I'd prefer not to get involved at this stage, thank you.	fazi	0	0
Ona me je prekinula.	She interrupted me.	prekinula	0	0
Zabavljamo se, zar ne?	We're having fun, right?	zabavljamo	0	0
Možemo da gledamo Toma u odelu, za crnim velikim klavirom sa dramatičnim potezima prstiju, stvarajući muziku koja je vrlo prijatno slušati.	We can look at a suit-clad Tom at a black grand piano, moving his fingers dramatically, creating music that is very pleasant to listen to.	odelu	0	0
On ima dugačak jezik.	He has a big mouth.	dugačak	0	0
Спавање на тепиху је супер.	Sleeping on a carpet is great.	супер	0	0
Tom se još skriva.	Tom is still hiding.	skriva	0	0
Tom nije dobio priliku da zatruje atmosferu ili podrije ljubav između Marije i njenog novog ljubavnika.	Tom hasn't got the chance to poison the atmosphere or undermine the love between Mary and her new lover.	ljubavnika	0	0
Волео би ти!	You wish!	волео	0	0
Никад нисам добио одговор од Тома.	I never got a reply from Tom.	добио	0	0
Poverio sam ti svoju tajnu a ti si me izdala.	I trusted you with my secret and you betrayed me.	izdala	0	0
Naleteo sam na svoga prijatelja.	I ran into my friend.	naleteo	0	0
Pamtim.	I remember.	pamtim	0	0
Još jedna prodavnica će se uskoro otvoriti u Bostonu.	Another store will be opened in Boston soon.	prodavnica	0	0
Kakve su ti bile ocene u srednjoj školi?	What were your grades like in high school?	ocene	0	0
Sišao sam sa voza.	I got off the train.	voza	0	0
Погледала сам кроз прозор и нисам видела ништа.	I looked out the window and didn't see anything.	видела	0	0
Ne želim da vam uništim dan.	I don't want to ruin your day.	uništim	0	0
Tu knjigu ćeš pronaći u biblioteci.	You'll find the book in the library.	biblioteci	0	0
Mi smo studenti.	We are students.	studenti	0	0
Mislio sam da nije prikladno.	I thought it wasn't appropriate.	prikladno	0	0
Svi učesnici su se okupili u glavnom holu.	All the participants gathered in the main hall.	glavnom	0	0
Užasno smo se posvađali.	We had a terrible fight.	posvađali	0	0
Дао сам Тому паре које ми је тражио.	I gave Tom the money he asked for.	дао	0	0
Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	pacijenti	0	0
Klima uređaj je pokvaren.	The air conditioner is broken.	pokvaren	0	0
Hodaj polako.	Walk slowly.	hodaj	0	0
Tim iz obezbeđenja je proverio ima li eksploziva u automobilu.	The security team checked the car for explosives.	obezbeđenja	0	0
Bila je obučena u crveno.	She was dressed in red.	obučena	0	0
Sekretar Sjedinjenih država Džon Keri polomio je desnu butnu kost u biciklističkoj nezgodi u nedelju u Francuskoj.	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right thigh bone in a bicycling accident Sunday in France.	sjedinjenih	0	0
Budi oprezna.	Be vigilant.	oprezna	0	0
Prepoznala sam ga na prvi pogled.	I recognized him at first glance.	prepoznala	0	0
Ovo nije tvoja kapa, zar ne?	This isn't your hat, is it?	kapa	0	0
Treba mi čekić.	I need a hammer.	čekić	0	0
Moraš da odeš na audiciju pre nego što se pridružiš horu.	You have to have an audition before you can join the choir.	audiciju	0	0
Морате више да тренирате.	You have to train more.	морате	0	0
Tomov dizajn je uštedeo kompaniji milione dolara.	Tom's design saved the company millions of dollars.	kompaniji	0	0
Izašao sam iz autobusa.	I got off the bus.	autobusa	0	0
Možete pisati na bilo kom jeziku. Na Tatoebi su svi jezici ravnopravni.	You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.	jeziku	0	0
Volela bih da znam da slikam tako.	I wish I could paint like that.	slikam	0	0
Veoma sam impresioniran.	I'm very impressed.	impresioniran	0	0
Različita si.	You're different.	različita	0	0
Moramo poštovati lična prava.	We must respect the rights of the individual.	poštovati	0	0
Šta bih dobio ovime?	What would this buy me?	ovime	0	0
Kada vidim dugu na nebu, srce mi zaigra od radosti.	When I see a rainbow in the sky, my heart flutters with joy.	radosti	0	0
Bela porodica će doći u Tokijo u pola jedanaest.	The White family will arrive in Tokyo at ten thirty.	jedanaest	0	0
Знам ко је иза тога.	I know who's behind it.	иза	0	0
Dođi u moju četvrt.	Come to my quarters.	četvrt	0	0
Осећам да ми ништа ниси рекла.	I feel you haven't told me everything.	осећам	0	0
Nisu uspeli da nastave tako i u drugom poluvremenu.	They did not manage to keep it up in the second half.	nastave	0	0
Ne morate da kupujete novi nameštaj. Sa malo poliranja i farbanja Vaš stari nameštaj može da dobije novi život.	You do not have to buy new furniture. With a little polishing and painting, old furniture can get a new life.	nameštaj	0	0
Moja mlađa sestra me je zamolila da je naučim da skija.	My little sister asked me to teach her how to ski.	mlađa	0	0
Žedan sam.	I am thirsty.	žedan	0	0
Мртав сам гладан.	I'm starved.	мртав	0	0
Ovde ima previše dima za mene.	It's too smoky here for me.	dima	0	0
Niko ne zna u šta se pretvorila.	Nobody knows what has become of her.	pretvorila	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	slične	0	0
Daćemo im moralnu podršku.	We will give them moral support.	daćemo	0	0
Tom nije izdržao i nekontrolisano je plakao držeći slovo na majčinoj sahrani.	Tom broke down and sobbed uncontrollably while giving the eulogy at his mother's funeral.	slovo	0	0
Tom i Marija igraju šah sa skupom ručno izrezbarenih šahovskih figura navodno od slonovače.	Tom and Mary are playing chess with a set of hand-carved chess pieces supposedly made of ivory.	ručno	0	0
Izvinjavam se onima među vama koji su eventualno uvređeni; to mi nije bila namera.	I apologize to those of you who might have been offended; that was never my intention.	namera	0	0
Ponudili smo pomoć.	We offered to help.	ponudili	0	0
Zahvali se Tomu na pomoći.	Thank Tom for the help.	zahvali	0	0
Ima dobre šanse da bude izabran.	He has good chances of being chosen.	izabran	0	0
Tom je uzeo slobodne dane da otputuje na Tajland.	Tom took some time off to travel to Thailand.	slobodne	0	0
Tom je takođe prodavac.	Tom is also a salesman.	prodavac	0	0
Kanada je zemlja-majka hokeja na ledu.	Canada is the motherland of ice hockey.	ledu	0	0
Jezik Evrope je prevod.	Translation is the language of Europe.	evrope	0	0
Jako je važno odmoriti se kako treba.	It's very important to get enough rest.	odmoriti	0	0
Tom mi je upravo rekao obrnuto.	Tom told me just the opposite.	obrnuto	0	0
Šećer je zamenio med kao zaslađivač.	Sugar replaced honey as a sweetener.	med	0	0
Kažnjen sam.	I'm grounded.	kažnjen	0	0
Tom je bio Džonov venčani kum.	Tom was John's best man.	venčani	0	0
Tom nije mogao da podnese to.	Tom couldn't handle it.	podnese	0	0
Том хоће да зна зашто Мери хоће да уради то.	Tom wants to know why Mary wants to do that.	хоће	0	0
Da li se Tom stvarno preselio u Boston?	Did Tom really move to Boston?	preselio	0	0
Ког сте видели тамо?	Who did you see there?	видели	0	0
Zašto nosiš džemper?	Why are you wearing a sweater?	džemper	0	0
To me nije zanimalo.	I wasn't interested in it.	zanimalo	0	0
On je bio otpušten zbog krađe.	He was fired for stealing.	krađe	0	0
Skrenite levo na sledećem uglu.	Turn left at the next corner.	sledećem	0	0
Imamo vašu veličinu, ali ne u toj boji.	We have your size, but not in that color.	veličinu	0	0
Meri je zaboravila da isključi svoj mikrofon.	Mary forgot to turn her mic off.	mikrofon	0	0
Ne mogu da te izbacim iz glave.	I can't get you out of my head.	izbacim	0	0
Vera može da pokreće planine.	Faith can move mountains.	pokreće	0	0
Oni žive na visokoj nozi.	They're eating high on the hog.	nozi	0	0
Ja sam španski državljanin.	I am a Spanish citizen.	španski	0	0
Ти си јако лепа жена.	You're a very beautiful woman.	јако	0	0
Нисам знао шта Том хоће да се уради.	I didn't know what Tom wanted done.	уради	0	0
Ima mleka u frižideru.	There is milk in the fridge.	frižideru	0	0
Морали смо да радимо у јавним условима.	We had to work under miserable conditions.	радимо	0	0
Покажите ми ваша документа!	Show me your papers!	ваша	0	0
Izgledaš debelo.	You look fat.	debelo	0	0
Doneo sam ove izveštaje da ih detaljnije pogledaš.	I brought these reports for you to examine.	izveštaje	0	0
Већ сам заборавио шта треба да урадим.	I've already forgotten what I'm supposed to do.	урадим	0	0
Да ли Том мисли да је Мери слатка?	Does Tom think Mary is cute?	мисли	0	0
Sačuvaćemo ovaj komad kolača za Toma.	We'll save this piece of cake for Tom.	kolača	0	0
Буди опрезан.	Be attentive.	буди	0	0
Tom se loše ljubi.	Tom is a lousy kisser.	ljubi	0	0
Заправо ниакд сама нисам ураидла то.	I've actually never done that by myself.	заправо	0	0
To mi je omiljena majica, i uvek je perem na ruke.	That's my favorite shirt, and I always wash it by hand.	majica	0	0
Mnogo ćete nam nedostajati ako odete za Japan.	We will miss you terribly if you leave Japan.	japan	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	vitez	0	0
Prosto k'o pasulj.	It's a piece of cake.	pasulj	0	0
Svi građani treba da poštuju zakon.	All citizens should respect the law.	poštuju	0	0
Tom nije dobio priliku da zatruje atmosferu ili podrije ljubav između Marije i njenog novog ljubavnika.	Tom hasn't got the chance to poison the atmosphere or undermine the love between Mary and her new lover.	atmosferu	0	0
Tom je skrenuo desno kad je trebalo da skrene levo.	Tom turned right when he should've turned left.	skrenuo	0	0
Желела сам да будем Томов пријатељ.	I wanted to be Tom's friend.	пријатељ	0	0
Том је признао да је радио то.	Tom admitted doing that.	радио	0	0
Tom se bio napio i utopio je svoju tugu, posle te jedne noći pijančenja.	Tom got drunk and drowned his sorrows in that one night of intemperance.	tugu	0	0
Koji je lakši?	Which one is easier?	lakši	0	0
Pravi takvu grimasu da poželiš da ga udariš.	He's making the kind of face you want to punch.	udariš	0	0
Moj glas sa snimka ne zvuči isto kao prirodni.	My recorded voice does not sound like my natural voice.	prirodni	0	0
Okrenula sam se.	I turned around.	okrenula	0	0
On je trčao.	He ran.	trčao	0	0
Ovo je javna ulica, ne staza za trkanje.	This is a public street, not a racetrack.	staza	0	0
Дај човеку рибу и нахрани га за дан. Научи човека да пеца и нахрани га за живот.	Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.	човека	0	0
Oni sede za stolom.	They are sitting at the table.	sede	0	0
У случају судара, возило које се правилно држало своје стран пута има предност у случају легалних контроверзија.	In case of collision, the vehicle which has maintained the proper side of the roadway has the advantage in case of legal controversy.	случају	0	0
Ja sam veliki fan fudbala.	I'm a big football fan.	fan	0	0
Gde se krio Tom?	Where has Tom been hiding?	krio	0	0
Vrata su se zbog nečega zaglavila.	Something is making the door stick.	zaglavila	0	0
Sve je bila samo nezgoda.	It was all an accident.	nezgoda	0	0
Mudrost je potrebna da bi se mudrost razumela: muzika ne postoji za gluvu publiku.	Wisdom is necessary to understand wisdom: music does not exist to a deaf audience.	publiku	0	0
U tom momentu, eksplodiralo je sa velikim praskom.	At that instant it exploded with a great noise.	momentu	0	0
Tom je ubedio Meri da pozove Džona na žurku.	Tom persuaded Mary to invite John to the party.	ubedio	0	0
Leti nosim majice sa kratkim rukavima.	I wear short-sleeve shirts in the summer.	majice	0	0
Видите горе.	See above.	видите	0	0
Ima li Tom ikakvog iskustva?	Does Tom have any experience?	ikakvog	0	0
Tom je član ove organizacije.	Tom is a member of this organization.	organizacije	0	0
Na ovoj planini ima snega cele godine.	This mountain is covered in snow all-year-round.	planini	0	0
Reci Tomu da se više potrudi.	Tell Tom to try harder.	potrudi	0	0
Tom mi je rekao da mu je otac preminuo.	Tom told me that his father had passed away.	preminuo	0	0
Знам тог дечака.	I know that boy.	тог	0	0
Ne nameravam da se menjam.	I have no intention of changing.	menjam	0	0
Ne smete to dirati.	You mustn't touch it.	dirati	0	0
Ovaj glagol se obično koristi samo u trećem licu.	This verb is normally used only in the third person.	trećem	0	0
Tom je pitao pitanja vezana za moj posao.	Tom asked me some questions about my job.	vezana	0	0
Navuci zavese.	Please close the drapes.	zavese	0	0
Ne mogu da smislim o čemu da pišem.	I can't think of anything to write about.	smislim	0	0
Pokreni se!	Get a move on!	pokreni	0	0
Taj mi se sviđao.	That's the one I liked.	sviđao	0	0
Oni nikada ne mogu da to postignu drugačije nego silom.	They can never achieve that any other way than by force.	silom	0	0
Tomu je to dalo ideju.	That gave Tom an idea.	dalo	0	0
Mora te pregledati lekar.	You must be seen by a doctor.	pregledati	0	0
Da nadogradite firmver, idite na stranicu za preuzimanje i dovucite najnoviju verziju.	To upgrade the firmware, you must go to the download page and download the latest version.	stranicu	0	0
Nasilni kriminalci su često bili siledžije u detinjstvu.	Violent criminals were often bullies in childhood.	kriminalci	0	0
Ти и ја ипак размишљамо исто.	You and I are like-minded people, after all.	ипак	0	0
Radna grupa koja se bavi transferom podataka, vodjena od strane Bena Manija, će održati sastanak 14 januara 1999.	The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.	bena	0	0
Da li možeš da pročitaš ovaj kanji?	Can you read this kanji?	pročitaš	0	0
Ne diraj lava dok spava.	Let sleeping dogs lie.	lava	0	0
Tom ide u školu za grafički dizajn.	Tom goes to school for graphic design.	dizajn	0	0
Том је употребио новац који је украо од Мери да купи себи нови бицикл.	Tom used the money he stole from Mary to buy himself a new bicycle.	себи	0	0
Trajaće čitavu večnost.	This is going to take forever.	večnost	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	plaćeni	0	0
Uništićeš vid ako stalno igraš igrice.	You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.	igrice	0	0
Tom je iscedio peškir i okačio ga da se osuši.	Tom wrung out the towel and hung it up to dry.	peškir	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	održi	0	0
Smanji televizor.	Turn down the television.	televizor	0	0
Taj elegantni pozlaćeni lančić sa srcima je ogrlica koja će "uzdrmati tvoj svet".	That elegant gold plated chain with hearts is a necklace that will "rock your world".	ogrlica	0	0
Nisam izdajnik.	I'm not a traitor.	izdajnik	0	0
Ona se ugojila 23 kilograma od udaje.	She gained 23 kg after she got married.	udaje	0	0
Da li si me videla kako plešem?	Have you seen me dance?	plešem	0	0
Stoga zahtevam da mi se sudija izvini i zahtevam da se moje ludilo proglasi ništavnim.	I thus require an apology from the judge and I claim my insanity declared null and void.	zahtevam	0	0
Skoro pa je vredelo.	It was almost worth it.	vredelo	0	0
Čime se bavite u životu?	What do you do for a living?	bavite	0	0
Odbio je da da komentar.	He declined to comment.	komentar	0	0
Да ли си икада превела филм?	Have you ever translated a movie?	икада	0	0
Različiti ste.	You're different.	različiti	0	0
Tom je obukao džemper.	Tom put on his sweater.	obukao	0	0
Švorc sam.	I don't have any money.	švorc	0	0
Ona će mi očistiti sobu.	She will clean my room.	očistiti	0	0
Molim te, dođi kod mene kući nakratko.	Please come to my house for a while.	nakratko	0	0
Postojala je lista dostupnih kandidata.	There was a list of available candidates.	kandidata	0	0
Често се питам да ли бих могла да урадим то.	I often wonder if I could do that.	питам	0	0
Добио је оно што је желео.	He got what he wanted.	желео	0	0
Tom se pripremio.	Tom braced himself.	pripremio	0	0
Da li se ponašam budalasto?	Am I being foolish?	ponašam	0	0
Нови коронавирус је веома заразан.	The new coronavirus is very infectious.	нови	0	0
Ovo je mali korak za čoveka, ali veliki skok za čovečanstvo.	That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.	čovečanstvo	0	0
Rado jedem sladoled od čokolade.	I like chocolate ice cream!	čokolade	0	0
Možemo li da stanemo ovde?	Can we stop there?	stanemo	0	0
Tvrdoglav sam.	I'm stubborn.	tvrdoglav	0	0
Cena zlata se svakodnevno menja.	The price of gold fluctuates daily.	svakodnevno	0	0
Civilizacija zasnovana na fosilnim gorivima će se na kraju neminovno srušiti.	Our fossil-fuel based industrial civilization will eventually collapse.	srušiti	0	0
Ne smeš da ulaziš u tu sobu.	You may not enter that room.	ulaziš	0	0
Надам се да ћемо се видети следећег понедељка.	I hope to see you next Monday.	видети	0	0
Kupio sam neke namirnice.	I bought some groceries.	namirnice	0	0
Smeh je zarazan.	Laughter is contagious.	smeh	0	0
Razgovaraću sa Tomom o tome.	I'll speak to Tom about that.	razgovaraću	0	0
Његова кућа је мала и стара.	His house was small and old.	његова	0	0
Tom je otvorio novi restoran, ali nije uspeo da zaradi od njega tokom prvih dvanaest meseci.	Tom opened a new restaurant, but it didn't turn a profit in the first twelve months.	zaradi	0	0
Previše sam umoran od svađe.	I'm too tired of arguing.	svađe	0	0
To je problem koji sam moraš da rešiš.	This is a problem you have to solve by yourself.	rešiš	0	0
Hajde da pomerimo ormar.	Let's move the dresser.	ormar	0	0
Шта желе жене?	What do women want?	жене	0	0
Какав си ти то адвокат?	What kind of lawyer are you?	какав	0	0
Nisi počinio ozbiljan prekršaj.	You didn't commit a serious crime.	prekršaj	0	0
Он настави да прича.	He kept talking.	прича	0	0
Oduvek smo bili siromašni.	We've always been poor.	siromašni	0	0
U haosu sam.	I am all mixed up.	haosu	0	0
Оне живе у близини.	They live nearby.	оне	0	0
Узми чашу.	Get a cup.	узми	0	0
Zaista sam uživala.	I enjoyed myself a lot.	uživala	0	0
Za koga su ovi pokloni?	Who are these presents for?	pokloni	0	0
Да ли бисте желели нешто друго?	Would you like something else?	друго	0	0
Da li se slažeš sa onim što je Tom napisao u svom izveštaju?	Do you agree with what Tom wrote in his report?	izveštaju	0	0
Имао / имала сам неке ствари да обавим пре састанка.	I had some things to do before the meeting.	имала	0	0
Navika mi je da radim to.	It's what I'm used to doing.	navika	0	0
Plivanje je vrste vežbe.	Swimming is a form of exercise.	vežbe	0	0
Testiranje novog motora će se obaviti danas.	The test of the new engine takes place today.	testiranje	0	0
Meri radi kao konobarica u obližnjem kafiću.	Mary works as a waitress at a local cafe.	konobarica	0	0
Oni su slučajno čuli nekakvu sumnjivu aktivnost u šipražju što ukazuje da je medved namirisao njihovu hranu.	By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.	nekakvu	0	0
Jesu li ikada doživeo saobraćajnu nesreću?	Have you ever been in a car accident?	doživeo	0	0
Mudrost je potrebna da bi se mudrost razumela: muzika ne postoji za gluvu publiku.	Wisdom is necessary to understand wisdom: music does not exist to a deaf audience.	mudrost	0	0
Oslobođen je vojne službe.	He is exempt from the military service.	oslobođen	0	0
Sišao sam na pogrešnoj autobuskoj stanici.	I got off at the wrong bus stop.	sišao	0	0
Nekoliko muškaraca se naljutimo na Toma u baru i Tom im je rekao da ga nije strah da se suoči sa njima.	Several men got angry with Tom in the bar and Tom told them he wasn't afraid to take them on.	suoči	0	0
Престани да оговараш.	Stop gossiping.	престани	0	0
Znam da te je Tom izneverio.	I know Tom let you down.	izneverio	0	0
Solo sam.	I'm single.	solo	0	0
Ovaj kandidat je značajno bolji u poređenju sa njegovim prethodnikom.	This candidate is significantly better compared to his predecessor.	poređenju	0	0
Budućnost izgleda mračno za Edmond Dantesa, pošto je postao žrtva zavere, on je osuđen za izdaju i poslat doživotno u zatvor.	The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.	izdaju	0	0
Posle pet sati na vrućem pesku, on je na horizontu ugledao nešto što je izgledalo kao pustinjska fatamorgana.	After five hours on the hot sand, he began to see something on the horizon that looked like a desert mirage.	ugledao	0	0
Već sam razmislio o tome.	I've already thought about that.	razmislio	0	0
Ja nisam popularan.	I'm not popular.	popularan	0	0
Cigare koštaju dve Marke.	The cigars cost two Marks.	cigare	0	0
"Imaš već 21 godinu, i još uživaš u vožnji unazad!" "Samo sam..." "Stiopa, nisam mislio na tebe!"	"You are twenty-one already, and still you are enjoying reversed clips!" "I just..." "Styopa, I didn't mean you!"	vožnji	0	0
Ako se period iznajmljivanja produži izvan ugovorenog perioda, obračunaće se proporcionalni dodatak kirije.	If the rental period is extended beyond the agreed period, a prorated rent shall be calculated.	dodatak	0	0
Čitaoci su bili na mukama, čekajući najmanje tri meseca pre nego što su dobili odgovor.	Readers had been waiting in suspense for at least three months before they got an answer.	čekajući	0	0
Ne mogu više ovo da izdržim!	I can't take this anymore.	izdržim	0	0
Danas imam glavobolju.	I have a headache today.	glavobolju	0	0
Istorija će biti ljubazna prema meni, jer ja nameravam da je napišem.	History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it.	ljubazna	0	0
Predsednik je umro neočekivano.	The President died unexpectedly.	neočekivano	0	0
Povezanost između ličnosti i krvne grupe nije naučno potvrđena.	A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.	povezanost	0	0
Претпостављам да ти то неће бити потребно.	I suspect you won't need that.	претпостављам	0	0
On je hodao ulicom.	He walked along the street.	hodao	0	0
Pre tri dana su sve pumpe i alarmni sistemi otkazali, i velika količina vode je prodrla u oslofjordski tunel.	All pumps and alarm systems failed, and large amounts of water flooded into the Oslofjord Tunnel three days ago.	količina	0	0
Mrzela ga je.	She hated him.	mrzela	0	0
Fraza "dva čoveka" će zameniti frazu "muškarac i žena" u predlogu izmene zakona ne bi li se legalizovao brak između osoba istog pola u Austrilaiji.	The phrase "two people" will replace "a man and a woman" in the proposed bill to legalise same-sex marriage in Australia.	zameniti	0	0
Kada dobijete Vaš telefon, baterija je unapred napunjena.	When you get your phone, the battery is precharged.	baterija	0	0
Kuvam ručak.	I am cooking the lunch.	kuvam	0	0
Вратила сам се у нормалу и осећам се одлично.	I'm back to normal and I feel great.	одлично	0	0
Tom je pritisnuo prekidač.	Tom flipped the switch.	prekidač	0	0
Počeo je da viče.	He began to shout.	viče	0	0
Infracrveni i ultraljubičasti zraci su vrste svetlosti nevidljive ljudskom oku.	Infrared and ultra-violet rays are types of light invisible to the human eye.	ljudskom	0	0
U velikom stepenu je ljudska aktivnost doprinela poremećaju prirodnih balansa.	To a large degree, human activity has contributed to upsetting nature's balances.	aktivnost	0	0
Šekspir je napisao mnogo zanimljivih drama.	Shakespeare wrote a lot of interesting plays.	drama	0	0
Daj da ti napišem korake.	Let me write down the steps for you.	korake	0	0
Ispravi se.	Straighten up.	ispravi	0	0
Zabavite se dok možete.	Have fun while you can.	zabavite	0	0
Tom je spremio omlet.	Tom made an omelet.	spremio	0	0
To je stvarno iznenađujuće.	That's really surprising.	iznenađujuće	0	0
Imam skoro četrdeset i još se nisam udala.	I am nearly forty and still not married.	četrdeset	0	0
Trebaće mi mala pomoć sa ovim zadatkom, jer ne shvatam osnovne stvari.	I'll need some help with this task because I don't get the basics.	osnovne	0	0
Plivanje je vrsta vežbanja.	Swimming is a form of exercise.	plivanje	0	0
Син ти је херој.	Your son is a hero.	син	0	0
Neki ljudi bez obzira u kom dobu su, ne gube svoju lepotu.	Some people, no matter how old they get, never lose their beauty.	gube	0	0
Meri zarađuje za život šijući.	Mary makes her living by sewing.	zarađuje	0	0
Svi učesnici su se okupili u glavnom holu.	All the participants gathered in the main hall.	okupili	0	0
Sve stvari moraju da prođu.	All things must pass.	prođu	0	0
Стани ту.	Stop there.	стани	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	novinara	0	0
Bolelo je samo posle.	Only afterwards did it hurt.	bolelo	0	0
Било је јасно да је Том лагао.	It was clear that Tom was lying.	јасно	0	0
Korišćenje kondoma tokom vaginalnog i analnog odnosa, i u oralnom seksu je najbolja preventivna mera.	The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.	odnosa	0	0
Šećer je zamenio med kao zaslađivač.	Sugar replaced honey as a sweetener.	zamenio	0	0
Znao sam da nikad nije trebalo da se mešam u tvoje budalaste poslove.	I knew I should never have gotten involved with your hair-brained scheme.	mešam	0	0
To nije ni približno dovoljno.	It isn't nearly enough.	približno	0	0
Neki ljudi bez obzira u kom dobu su, ne gube svoju lepotu.	Some people, no matter how old they get, never lose their beauty.	lepotu	0	0
Nismo ovo imali u vidu za tebe.	This isn't what we envisioned for you.	vidu	0	0
Jesmo li spremni za polazak?	Are we ready to go?	polazak	0	0
Uštedećete vreme ako pažljivo slušate moje instrukcije.	If you listen carefully to my instructions, it'll save you some time.	instrukcije	0	0
Sačekaću.	I'll wait.	sačekaću	0	0
Mržnja je poput pijenja otrova, a da se zatim nadaš da će ona ubiti tvog neprijatelja.	Resentment is like drinking poison, and then hoping it will kill your enemy.	mržnja	0	0
Da li misliš da je tom slagao?	Do you think Tom lied?	slagao	0	0
Tom se trudi da bude koristan.	Tom is trying to be helpful.	koristan	0	0
Пожурила сам уз степенице.	I rushed upstairs.	уз	0	0
Spreman sam, buraz. Da te vidim!	I'm ready, man. Bring it!	buraz	0	0
Jedite supu dok je vruća.	Eat your soup while it's warm.	vruća	0	0
Snažna posvećnost životnoj sredini nije kompatibilna sa velikim investicijama u naftu i gas.	Strong commitment to the environment is not compatible with large investments in oil and gas.	snažna	0	0
Glasina se proširila celim gradom.	The rumor's all over town.	celim	0	0
Mislio sam da idete u Boston autobusom.	I thought you were going to Boston by bus.	autobusom	0	0
Rekli su mi da sačekam ovde.	They told me to wait here.	sačekam	0	0
Aviokompanija će se pobrinuti da pošalje Vaš prtljag sve do konačnog odredišta što pre, ili kasnije ako tako želi putnik.	The airline makes sure to send luggage all the way to the final destination as soon as possible, or at a later date, at the passenger's choice.	putnik	0	0
Одговорићу на само једно питање.	I'll answer only one question.	питање	0	0
Ovde je velika količina manjih grešaka i sitnog nerazumevanja koji iskrivljuju značenje originalne rečenice.	There are many minor mistakes and tiny misunderstandings here that distort the meaning of the original sentence.	grešaka	0	0
Moramo da platimo porez.	We must pay taxes.	platimo	0	0
Prestani da se trudiš da me napraviš krivim.	Stop trying to make me feel guilty.	trudiš	0	0
Veličina brushaltera u Japanu je manja od brushaltera istog broja na zapadu, zbog manje prosečne veličine grudi.	Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.	manja	0	0
Скоро сам завршила са овим.	I've almost finished doing this.	овим	0	0
Posmatram te.	I've got my eye on you.	posmatram	0	0
Ја немам никакве везе са овим.	I have nothing to do with this.	везе	0	0
Znanje nas čini slobodnim i boljim ljudima.	Knowledge makes us free and better people.	boljim	0	0
Koliko ona ima telefonskih brojeva?	How many phone numbers has she got?	brojeva	0	0
Naporno sam učila dok sam bila u školi.	I studied hard when I was in school.	učila	0	0
Ne pevaj.	Don't sing.	pevaj	0	0
On je hodao ulicom.	He walked along the street.	ulicom	0	0
Добро дошли, студенти!	Welcome, students!	дошли	0	0
Hoćemo u Boston i Čikago.	We want to go to Boston and Chicago.	čikago	0	0
Sa zadovoljstvom ću pristati.	I'll be happy to comply.	pristati	0	0
Ne bi pomislio po njenom izgledu, ali priča o detetu koje je pojelo dve torte je iz njenog detinjstva.	You couldn't tell it by looking, but she has the legendary tale of having eaten two whole cakes when a child.	torte	0	0
Желим да будем са њом.	I want to be with her.	њом	0	0
Књиге које тражиш су на мом столу.	The books that you're looking for are on my desk.	мом	0	0
Devet od deset birača smatraju da je Marija najpogodniji kandidat za novog vođu. Ali Tom neće glasati na ovim izborima.	Nine out of ten voters believe Maria is best suited to take over as leader. But Tom will abstain from voting.	vođu	0	0
Trebalo bi da pažljivo biraš reči.	You should choose your words carefully.	biraš	0	0
Питам се да ли је Том урадио то прошле ноћи или није.	I wonder whether or not Tom did that last night.	ноћи	0	0
Ne znam da li da se smejem ili da plačem.	I don't know whether I should laugh or cry.	smejem	0	0
Stigle su vesti.	We got the news.	stigle	0	0
Svi kažu da ličim na tatu.	Everybody says I look like my father.	ličim	0	0
Volim da te gledam kako plešeš.	I love watching you dance.	plešeš	0	0
Tom je posmatrao izbliza.	Tom watched from nearby.	izbliza	0	0
Da li si u odboru?	Are you on the committee?	odboru	0	0
Juče sam dobio mejl napisan na francuskom.	I got an email yesterday that was written in French.	francuskom	0	0
Деца су цвеће нашег живота.	Children are the flowers of our lives.	живота	0	0
Tom prodaje automobile.	Tom sells cars.	automobile	0	0
Volela bih da mi ispričaš priču. To bi bilo barem malo zabavno.	I wish you'd tell me a story. That'd be some fun at least.	ispričaš	0	0
Čula sam da će se Tom i Meri venčati u oktobru.	I heard that Tom and Mary will get married in October.	venčati	0	0
Tom se popeo uz stepenice.	Tom climbed the stairs.	popeo	0	0
Ovde povlačim crtu.	This is where I draw the line.	povlačim	0	0
Hrana je neophodna za opstanak.	Food is essential for survival.	opstanak	0	0
Spremni su da razgovaraju o problemu.	They are willing to talk about the problem.	problemu	0	0
Прилично сам сигуран да ће ми Том помоћи да урадим то.	I'm fairly certain that Tom will help me do that.	прилично	0	0
Том је рекао да неће ићи у Бостон са мном.	Tom said he didn't want to go to Boston with me.	ићи	0	0
Ko je pojeo zadnju krofnu?	Who ate the last donut?	zadnju	0	0
Суочи се с њима.	Comfort them.	њима	0	0
Дођи у моју собу између три и четири.	Come to my room between three and four.	четири	0	0
Овде је скоро поноћ.	It's almost midnight here.	скоро	0	0
Oni nisu mogli da putuju, jer se dogodio problem.	They couldn't travel because a problem occurred.	putuju	0	0
Zadržite kusur.	Keep the change.	kusur	0	0
Da li si ikada poželeo da živiš na ostrvu?	Have you ever wanted to live on an island?	poželeo	0	0
Koliko vremena provodiš na Fejsbuku?	How much time do you spend on Facebook?	provodiš	0	0
On je pre bio član društvene elite, nego predstavnik širokih masa.	He was a member of a social elite rather than the masses.	masa	0	0
Да ли људи и даље користе ову реч?	Do people still use this word?	реч	0	0
Potrebno je mnogo mašte kad se pokušava da se ovde doda nova rečenica.	A lot of imagination is needed to try to add new sentences here.	mašte	0	0
Pretpostavio sam da si zauzeta.	I assumed you were busy.	pretpostavio	0	0
Том је екстровертан момак, али је много стидљив пред камером.	Tom is an outgoing guy, but he's so camera shy.	момак	0	0
Mnogo je lepih parkova u Londonu.	There are many beautiful parks in London.	lepih	0	0
Radujem se tvojem pismu.	I'm looking forward to getting your letter.	pismu	0	0
Meri je iskoristila jabuke koje joj je Tom dao kako bi napravila puter od jabuka.	Mary used the apples that Tom gave her to make apple butter.	iskoristila	0	0
Napunio sam čašu.	I filled the glass.	napunio	0	0
Nada se gubi kada doživljavaš tešku situaciju i besmislenu zakočenost. Moraš biti jak.	Hope quickly fades when you encounter a difficult situation and a pointless deadlock. You must be strong.	tešku	0	0
Ruke su joj bile hladne kao led.	Her hands were as cold as ice.	hladne	0	0
Orao je car ptica.	The eagle is king of birds.	orao	0	0
Moj otac je građevinski inženjer.	My father is a civil engineer.	inženjer	0	0
Tom me je odbacio do aerodroma.	Tom dropped me off at the airport.	odbacio	0	0
Siguran sam da Tom poseduje imovinu.	I'm sure Tom owns property.	imovinu	0	0
Vladivostok je grad u Rusiji.	Vladivostok is a city in Russia.	rusiji	0	0
Jesi li ti manijak?	Are you a maniac?	manijak	0	0
Treba da napišeš novelu.	You should write a novel.	napišeš	0	0
Da li imaš primerak?	Do you have a copy?	primerak	0	0
Zaista volim da vežbam.	I really love working out.	vežbam	0	0
Brak je glavni uzrok svih razvoda.	Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.	razvoda	0	0
Hajde da sednemo.	Let's sit down.	sednemo	0	0
Posao policije je da sprečava i istražuje kriminal.	The police's job is to prevent and investigate crime.	istražuje	0	0
Sigurnije je.	It's safer.	sigurnije	0	0
Наша школа је основана 1990. године.	Our school was founded in 1990.	наша	0	0
Tom je posmatrao izbliza.	Tom watched from nearby.	posmatrao	0	0
Kakav ego!	What an ego!	ego	0	0
To je rizikovao.	Tom took a chance.	rizikovao	0	0
Mislim da ćemo sići an sledećoj stanici.	I think we'll get off at the next station.	sići	0	0
Novčanik mi je ukraden u autobusu.	My wallet was stolen on the bus.	autobusu	0	0
Ja sam građanin sveta.	I am a citizen of the world.	građanin	0	0
Jednom nogom je u grobu	He's got one foot in the grave.	grobu	0	0
Tom nije ekspert.	Tom is no expert.	ekspert	0	0
Промишљање је веома потребно.	Consideration is very necessary.	потребно	0	0
Ne moraš da vičeš. Nisam gluva!	You don't need to shout. I'm not deaf.	vičeš	0	0
Struja Hambolt je hladna okeanska struja koja struji duž zapadne obale Južne Amerike.	The Humboldt current is a cold ocean current that flows north along the west coast of South America.	južne	0	0
Možeš li da mi dodaš daljinski?	Could you hand me the remote?	daljinski	0	0
Znam da je ilegalno.	I know it's illegal.	ilegalno	0	0
Да ли Том воли пасту?	Does Tom like pasta?	воли	0	0
Ko živi u komšiluku?	Who lives in the house next door?	komšiluku	0	0
Fascinantno je koliko rečenica možeš da napraviš sa pet reči.	It's fascinating how many sentences you can create with five words.	fascinantno	0	0
Tomova dva druga su poginula u nesreći, a i on sam polako klizi ka smrti.	Tom's two mates died in an accident, and he himself is slowly heading towards death.	poginula	0	0
Kada je Tom bio dete, jedina knjiga u kući je bila Biblija.	When Tom was a kid, the only book in the house was a Bible.	biblija	0	0
Budite pažljivi.	Take care.	pažljivi	0	0
Iznos za obavljeni posao i interes na uloženi kapital su bili nekoliko milona.	The payment for labor and return on invested capital was several millions.	interes	0	0
Matematika je osnova svim naukama.	Mathematics is basic to all sciences.	osnova	0	0
Izgledali ste besno.	You guys looked mad.	izgledali	0	0
Уопште не планирам да идем ускоро.	I don't plan to leave any time soon.	уопште	0	0
Најбоље време за куповину је између три и пет сати.	The best time to go shopping is between three o'clock and five o'clock.	између	0	0
Preseci crvenu žicu.	Cut the red wire.	žicu	0	0
Sumnjam da će vam biti teško da dobijete vozačku dozvolu.	I doubt it'll be very hard for you to get your driver's license.	vozačku	0	0
То сви раде, тако да је то у реду.	Everyone's doing it, so it's OK.	раде	0	0
Деци треба љубав.	Children need loving.	љубав	0	0
Koliko si morao da platiš Tomu da bi ga nagovorio da očisti sneg sa krova?	How much did you have to pay Tom to get him to shovel the snow off your roof?	nagovorio	0	0
Zvučiš umorno.	You sound tired.	umorno	0	0
Zacrtao je sebi da mora da radi u bašti dva sata dnevno.	He makes it a rule to work in the garden for two hours every day.	bašti	0	0
Kako apsurdno!	How absurd!	apsurdno	0	0
Tom e pravi džentlmen.	Tom is a real gentleman.	džentlmen	0	0
Iskreno se nadam da će se Tomova predviđanja ostvariti.	I sincerely hope that Tom's predictions are going to come true.	ostvariti	0	0
Mogli bi smo postići to što smo pre započeli.	We could accomplish what we had started before.	započeli	0	0
Priče Snorija Sturlusona govore pored ostalog o tome da se Hrišćanstvo u Norveškoj širilo nasiljem.	Snorri Sturluson's stories tells, among other things, how Christianity was spread in Norway by force.	ostalog	0	0
Nisu mogli da pobegnu.	They couldn't escape.	pobegnu	0	0
Izašli su rezultati ispita iz matematike!	The maths exam results are out!	ispita	0	0
Sa Tomom je lako družiti se.	Tom is an easy guy to get along with.	družiti	0	0
Ona je baš izvan moje lige.	She's way out of my league.	lige	0	0
Ubeđen sam.	I'm convinced.	ubeđen	0	0
Život počinje onda, kada shvatimo ko smo mi zapravo.	Life begins when we realize who we really are.	shvatimo	0	0
Tom još uvek ne ume da napiše svoje ime.	Tom isn't yet able to write his own name.	napiše	0	0
Detaljno je opisao let.	He described the flight in detail.	opisao	0	0
Možda nije dobra ideja da jedeš dok trčiš.	It may not be a good idea to eat while you are running.	trčiš	0	0
Probaću da ubedim Toma da uradi to.	I'll try to persuade Tom to do that.	ubedim	0	0
Tom je dovoljno mudar da ne uradi nešto tako.	Tom is wise enough not to do such a thing.	mudar	0	0
Dala sam im poklon za godišnjicu.	I gave them a present for their anniversary.	godišnjicu	0	0
Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	projekta	0	0
Nasilni oblik kriminala se širi na prigradska naselja.	Violent crime spread into the suburbs.	kriminala	0	0
Imala sam tako puno podrške.	I've had so much support.	podrške	0	0
Драго ми је што ћеш да будеш тамо.	I'm glad you're going to be there.	будеш	0	0
Moderna, racionalna, logična i nepristrasna nauka nam je već dala daleko sigurnija saznanja i nemerljivo više nego što nam je bilo koja religija ikada dala.	Modern, rational, logical and unprejudiced science has already given us far more secure knowledge and immeasurably more than any religion has ever given us.	religija	0	0
Kažu da je ljubav slepa.	They say love is blind.	slepa	0	0
Tom čita Bibliju po ceo dan.	Tom reads the Bible all day.	bibliju	0	0
Да ли и даље имаш онај кишобран који сам ти дао?	Do you still have that umbrella I gave you?	онај	0	0
Zašto ste svi u šoku?	Why are you all shocked?	šoku	0	0
Posao policije je da sprečava i istražuje kriminal.	The police's job is to prevent and investigate crime.	kriminal	0	0
Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	postigli	0	0
Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	stekao	0	0
Radim na svom projektu.	I'm working on my project.	projektu	0	0
Nemam braće i sestara.	I have no siblings.	sestara	0	0
Više volim da za doručak uzmem kafu i tost.	I prefer coffee and toast for breakfast.	tost	0	0
Meri se uvredila kada joj je Tom kupio osveživač daha.	Mary was offended when Tom bought her some breath freshener.	daha	0	0
Мислим да бисмо могли да приредимо то.	I think that could be arranged.	бисмо	0	0
Dokument je dospeo u neprijateljske ruke.	The document passed into the enemy's hands.	dospeo	0	0
Sve čega se setiš može da pomogne.	Anything you remember might help.	setiš	0	0
Bili smo kod moje tetke prošle nedelje.	We were at my aunt's last week.	tetke	0	0
Da li tom čita i piše japanski?	Can Tom read and write Japanese?	japanski	0	0
Tom je u sobi, piše pismo baki.	Tom is in his room, writing a letter to his grandmother.	baki	0	0
Oni nisu mogli da putuju, jer se dogodio problem.	They couldn't travel because a problem occurred.	dogodio	0	0
Да ли је спреман доручак?	Is breakfast ready?	спреман	0	0
Dali su vode njihovim konjima.	They gave their horses water.	konjima	0	0
Koliko dugo si nastavnik?	How long have you been a teacher?	nastavnik	0	0
Старији људе се лако разболе.	Elderly people get sick easily.	лако	0	0
Ja neću da to potpišem.	I'm not signing it.	potpišem	0	0
Ne možeš da igraš tenis u vetrovitim danima.	You can't play tennis on windy days.	tenis	0	0
Možeš li to da dokažeš?	Can you prove that?	dokažeš	0	0
A ja sam bio mislio da si otvoren za nove ideje i nepristrasnu raspravu.	And I thought you were open to new ideas and open-minded discussion.	raspravu	0	0
Ne mogu više da trpim ovo nasilje.	I can't put up with his violence any longer.	trpim	0	0
Zaboravio sam da platim kiriju.	I forgot to pay the rent.	kiriju	0	0
Učenici nisu znali kako da odgovore.	The students didn't know how they should answer.	učenici	0	0
Jedan student iz Osla koji je falsifikovao svoju diplomu da se upiše na fakultet je bio osuđen na zatvor.	A student from Oslo who falsified his diploma to get into college has been sentenced to prison.	diplomu	0	0
Hoćeš li još soka od jabuke?	Would you like some more apple juice?	soka	0	0
Нисмо потпуно изгубили.	It wasn't a total loss.	потпуно	0	0
Њему фали искуство.	He lacks experience.	њему	0	0
Molim, pričajte sporije.	Please speak slowly.	sporije	0	0
Peške ili biciklom ideš u školu?	Do you go to school on foot or by bicycle?	peške	0	0
Том је ускоро открио да зна више о науци од свог предавача.	Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than his teacher.	ускоро	0	0
Danas je tvojoj ćerki rođendan.	Today is your daughter's birthday.	ćerki	0	0
Volim da puštam muziku koju su napisali moji prijatelji.	I like to play music written by my friends.	puštam	0	0
Ne možeš da ovde raspravljaš o politici.	You can't talk about politics here.	politici	0	0
Nikad nisam imao problema da zaspim.	I've never had trouble falling asleep.	zaspim	0	0
Obe nism bogate koliko bismo želele.	We're both not as rich as we wish we were.	bogate	0	0
Zar te ničemu nisam naučio?	Have I taught you nothing?	ničemu	0	0
Trier je najstariji grad u Nemačkoj.	Trier is the oldest city in Germany.	najstariji	0	0
Да ли је ваша кућа далеко одавде?	Is your house far from here?	далеко	0	0
Ovaj kandidat je značajno bolji u poređenju sa njegovim prethodnikom.	This candidate is significantly better compared to his predecessor.	značajno	0	0
Tom je veoma strpljiv.	Tom is extremely patient.	strpljiv	0	0
Мислила сам да ће бити горе.	I thought it would be worse.	мислила	0	0
Iskrenost nije uvek dobrodošla.	The truth is not always welcome.	iskrenost	0	0
Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	свет	0	0
Морам да позовем неког.	I have to call someone.	неког	0	0
On je pojeo kutiju čokolada.	He ate a box of chocolates.	čokolada	0	0
Pošto što su te novine bile pisale o tome da ni jedan zemljoradnik ne želi da radi kao zakupac u Vestfoldu, interesovanje je naglo poraslo.	After that newspaper wrote that no farmer wanted to work as a tenant in Vestfold, interest has skyrocketed.	naglo	0	0
Тому се иде раније, као и мени.	Tom wants to leave early and so do I.	раније	0	0
Том је Марији послао писмо на три стране.	Tom sent Mary a three-page letter.	стране	0	0
Ti više ne možeš da kupuješ jabuke!	You can't buy apples any more!	kupuješ	0	0
Predomislila sam se.	I had second thoughts.	predomislila	0	0
Када си последњи пут јео сладолед?	When was the last time you ate ice cream?	последњи	0	0
Smanji televizor.	Turn down the television.	smanji	0	0
Бурџ Калифа је тренутно највиши облакодер на свету.	Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.	свету	0	0
Срце ми се цепа.	It's heartbreaking.	срце	0	0
Iznos za obavljeni posao i interes na uloženi kapital su bili nekoliko milona.	The payment for labor and return on invested capital was several millions.	iznos	0	0
Tom će da progovori.	Tom'll speak.	progovori	0	0
Devet od deset birača smatraju da je Marija najpogodniji kandidat za novog vođu. Ali Tom neće glasati na ovim izborima.	Nine out of ten voters believe Maria is best suited to take over as leader. But Tom will abstain from voting.	izborima	0	0
Devojka je otvorila oči, videla nedveda i pobegla ka prozoru.	The girl opened her eyes, saw the bear, and fled toward the window.	prozoru	0	0
Позвао сам Мериног оца и потао га за дозволу да питам Мери да изађе са мном.	I called Mary's father and asked him for permission to ask Mary out.	оца	0	0
Sačuvao sam ti mesto pored mene.	I've saved you a seat next to me.	sačuvao	0	0
Odakle duva vetar?	Where does the wind blow from?	duva	0	0
Погледај негде другде.	Look elsewhere.	негде	0	0
Kočnice zaškripaše.	The tires squealed.	kočnice	0	0
Moja drugarica je dobila 95 poena na ispitu iz matematike.	My friend scored 95 on the maths exam.	matematike	0	0
Kakav koš Majkla Džordana!	What a basket by Michael Jordan!	majkla	0	0
Спавали смо цео дан.	We slept all day.	цео	0	0
Odan sam.	I'm loyal.	odan	0	0
Klima uređaj je pokvaren.	The air conditioner is broken.	klima	0	0
Podeli karte, Tome.	Deal the cards, Tom.	podeli	0	0
Imajte hrabrosti.	Have courage.	imajte	0	0
Биће готово за око три минута.	I'll be done in about three minutes.	готово	0	0
Да ли је Тому бар мало боље?	Does Tom feel any better?	бар	0	0
Onesvestio sam se.	I fainted.	onesvestio	0	0
Napravio je ogroman profit investirajući na tržište akcija.	He made a killing by investing in the stock market.	profit	0	0
Stvarno sam radoznao.	I'm really curious.	radoznao	0	0
Moliću se za tvoju porodicu.	I'll pray for your family.	moliću	0	0
Tom je gluv.	Tom's deaf.	gluv	0	0
Обично закључавам ауто.	I usually lock my car.	ауто	0	0
Nema utvrđene politike.	There's no set policy.	politike	0	0
Том није нашао ништа.	Tom found nothing.	нашао	0	0
Prevela je njegovu rečenicu.	She translated his sentence.	prevela	0	0
Moje tečno poznavanje jezika je dovoljno za mnoge situacije, ali ne i za iskazivanje mojih, često međusobno kontradiktornih, emocija.	My fluency is sufficient for many situations, but not for expressing my — often contradictory — emotions.	emocija	0	0
Jebena matora kurva u menopauzi se žalila na mene bez razloga.	A fucking menopausal old bitch was complaining about me for no reason.	matora	0	0
Precizno je.	It's accurate.	precizno	0	0
Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	bavio	0	0
Niko ne zna šta se zbiva iza tih vrata.	Nobody knows what goes on behind those doors.	zbiva	0	0
Krimilance treba kazniti.	Criminals should be punished.	kazniti	0	0
Tom je sakrio jedan rezervni ključ u njegovoj bašti.	Tom keeps a spare key hidden in his garden.	rezervni	0	0
Prirodna sam.	I'm neutral.	prirodna	0	0
Šta nameravaš sa sa svim ovim?	What're you going to do with all this?	nameravaš	0	0
Ne mogu tek tako da odustanem.	I can't simply give up.	odustanem	0	0
Da li je ovaj zub osetljiv na hladnu hranu?	Is this tooth sensitive to cold food?	osetljiv	0	0
Pogledaću.	I'll check.	pogledaću	0	0
Skinula se.	She took off her clothes.	skinula	0	0
Norveška zastava ima tamnoplav Norveški krst sa belim ivicama na crvenoj pozadini, i ona je iz 1821. godine.	The Norwegian flag has a dark blue Nordic cross with white border on a red background, and it is from 1821.	pozadini	0	0
Molimo Vas, ostavite ovo mesto čistim koliko biste biste želeli da ga pronađete.	Please leave this place as clean as you would like to find it.	pronađete	0	0
Redovna upotreba agruma će smanjiti pore i osvežiti kožu.	Regular use of citrus fruit will shrink pores and make the skin feel fresh.	smanjiti	0	0
Том је рекао да ће бити у канцеларији цело јутро.	Tom said that he'll be in his office all morning.	јутро	0	0
Stvari će biti mnogo lakše nadalje.	Things will get easier from now on.	nadalje	0	0
Том хоће да напусти кућу.	Tom wants to leave the house.	кућу	0	0
To je izdaja.	That's treason.	izdaja	0	0
Kada je Markus stigao, spavala sam.	When Marcus arrived, I was sleeping.	markus	0	0
Tom mi nikad nije oprostio što sam uradio to.	Tom never forgave me for doing that.	oprostio	0	0
Nemojte da lažete.	Don't lie.	lažete	0	0
Čuo sam da je Tom odustao od fakulteta.	I've heard that Tom has dropped out of college.	fakulteta	0	0
Том се понекад понаша као силеџија.	Tom acts like a bully sometimes.	понекад	0	0
To je izuzetak.	That is an exception.	izuzetak	0	0
Nemojte da trčite.	Don't run.	trčite	0	0
Na tebi je da izabereš.	It's for you to choose.	izabereš	0	0
Требао бих о томе разговарати с оцем‎.	I should discuss it with my father.	требао	0	0
Tomovo samopouzdanje je razbijeno kada ga je šef skinuo pred njegovim kolegama.	Tom's self-confidence was shattered after his boss dressed him down in front of his workmates.	samopouzdanje	0	0
Ironično, zar ne?	That's ironic, isn't it?	ironično	0	0
Predlažemo da se kvalitet vode proverava jednom godišnje u cevima, dvaput u bunaru.	We recommend that mains water have a water-quality test carried out once a year, well water twice a year.	kvalitet	0	0
Hvala na lepom razgovoru.	Thanks for the good conversation.	lepom	0	0
Jedite supu dok je vruća.	Eat your soup while it's warm.	jedite	0	0
Tomu se veoma dopao svoj posao.	Tom liked his job very much.	dopao	0	0
Том очекује да ће се Мери ускоро вратити кући.	Tom is expecting Mary to be home soon.	вратити	0	0
Meri radi kao konobarica u obližnjem kafiću.	Mary works as a waitress at a local cafe.	kafiću	0	0
Vreme je da ustaneš.	It's time for you to get up.	ustaneš	0	0
Ne smeš da uđeš u tu prostoriju.	You may not enter that room.	prostoriju	0	0
Nekako je očajno.	It's kind of desperate.	očajno	0	0
Šta će se dogoditi ako sada dođe do nestanka struje?	What will happen if there's a power failure now?	nestanka	0	0
Možemo da mnogo naučimo o ratno-istorijskom događaju kao što je progrom Jevreja i možemo da osiguramo da se ovo slično nikada ne ponovi.	We can learn a lot about an historical event such as the persecution of the Jews and make sure that something similar does not happen again.	jevreja	0	0
Mislim da ćemo sići an sledećoj stanici.	I think we'll get off at the next station.	an	0	0
Radim za putnu agenciju.	I work in a travel agency.	agenciju	0	0
Mi smo stoga postavili malu prenosivu kolibu koja se može podeliti na dva dela i može da se odveze bilo gde.	We therefore introduce a small portable cabin that can be divided in half and carried anywhere.	kolibu	0	0
Moj glas sa snimka ne zvuči isto kao prirodni.	My recorded voice does not sound like my natural voice.	snimka	0	0
Ohladi!	Cool off!	ohladi	0	0
Malo smo popili.	We drank a little.	popili	0	0
Морао сам да чекам преко три сата.	I had to wait for over three hours.	морао	0	0
U šahu postoje situacije u kojima se isplati da se žrtvuje figura da se stekne prednost na dugi rok.	In chess, there are situations where it pays off to sacrifice a piece to gain an advantage over the long term.	dugi	0	0
Ček-ček festival se održao u Latviji.	A "chek-chek" festival took place in Latvia.	održao	0	0
Napišite odgovor na ovom papiru, molim Vas.	Write the answer on this piece of paper, please.	papiru	0	0
Човек снује, Бог одређује.	Man proposes, God disposes.	бог	0	0
Она је дошла сама.	She came alone.	сама	0	0
Срећан Божић!	Happy Christmas!	срећан	0	0
Popravili smo neka oštećenja izazvana prskanjem kamenja na tvom automobili.	We have fixed some damage from rocks flying onto your car.	oštećenja	0	0
Da li misliš da vredi sačuvati ova pisma?	Do you think these letters are worth saving?	sačuvati	0	0
Ako nešto zvuči previše dobro da bude istinito, verovatno jeste.	If something sounds too good to be true, it probably is.	istinito	0	0
Kako ponižavajuće!	How humiliating!	ponižavajuće	0	0
Svi su zadržali dah.	Everyone's holding their breath.	zadržali	0	0
Sekretar države Sjedinjenih država Džon Keri polomio je desnu butnu kost u biciklističkoj nezgodi u nedelju u Francuskoj.	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right femur in a cycling accident Sunday in France.	sekretar	0	0
Tom je napisao popriličan broj ljubavnih pisama Meri.	Tom has written quite a few love letters to Mary.	pisama	0	0
Kiša je nastavila da lije ceo dan.	The rain continued to pour all day.	nastavila	0	0
Nije sam esej problem, već sva ova pogubna pitanja i objašnjenja reči me strašno izluđuju!	The essay itself isn't a problem, but all these pernicious questions and glossary make me awfully mad!	objašnjenja	0	0
Zaključano je.	It's locked.	zaključano	0	0
Rekla mi jedna ptičica.	A little bird told me.	ptičica	0	0
Mogu da prestanu da se nadaju sve dok ne uspeju da primoraju kompaniju na neophodnu koncesiju.	Unless they manage to force the company to make the necessary concessions, they should give up hope.	prestanu	0	0
Avioni sleću na aerodrome.	Airplanes land at airports.	avioni	0	0
U Turskoj, svaka škola mora da ima Ataturkov spomenik.	In Turkey, every school has to have an Atatürk effigy.	spomenik	0	0
Nije mi lako da pišem ljubavna pisma.	Writing love letters isn't easy for me.	ljubavna	0	0
Marina je iz Rusije, a Clarissa je iz Švedske.	Marina is from Russia and Clarissa is from Sweden.	marina	0	0
Stvoren si za mene.	You were meant for me.	stvoren	0	0
Najbolji način da izgubite kilažu je da manje jedete i više vežbate.	The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.	izgubite	0	0
Otkazao je sastanak u poslednjem trenutku.	He canceled the appointment at the last moment.	otkazao	0	0
Разговараћу са управником одељка у вези с тим.	I'll speak to the section manager about that.	вези	0	0
Tomova porodica živi u Bostonu.	Tom's family lives in Boston.	bostonu	0	0
Devet FIFA zvaničnika je uhapšeno i optuženo za mito i korupciju.	Nine FIFA officials have been arrested and charged with racketeering and bribery.	mito	0	0
Kako ste prošli na testu iz biologije?	How did you do on your biology test?	testu	0	0
Tatoeba ti podiže samopouzdanje i inspiriše te da nastaviš da se trudiš.	Tatoeba boosts your confidence and you are inspired to try further.	podiže	0	0
Сачекајте тренутак.	Please hold on.	тренутак	0	0
Том је виши од Мери за главу.	Tom is taller than Mary by a head.	главу	0	0
Tom me nijednom nije udario.	Tom never once hit me.	nijednom	0	0
Možeš li da mi daš tvoj broj mobilnog?	Can you give me your cell number?	mobilnog	0	0
Rekla je da je privlačna.	She said that she was good-looking.	privlačna	0	0
Pozitivan sam.	I'm positive.	pozitivan	0	0
Tom je upitao Mariju da li bi rađe da ode u bioskop ili da prosto odmara kući.	Tom asked Mary whether she'd prefer to go to the movies or just chill out at home.	odmara	0	0
Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	satelit	0	0
Владивосток је град у Русији.	Vladivostok is a city in Russia.	град	0	0
Tom je pokrenuo automobil.	Tom started the car.	pokrenuo	0	0
Zid je izgledao glatko i neprobojno.	The wall appeared to be smooth and impenetrable.	glatko	0	0
Zvuči kao da si naučio važnu lekciju.	It sounds like you learned a valuable lesson.	važnu	0	0
Hoću da saznaš da li Toma i Marija planiraju da budu sami ovde.	I want you to find out if Tom and Mary are planning to be here by themselves.	planiraju	0	0
Kad je ovakvo vreme, najbolje je sedeti kući i ne izlaziti napolje.	In this kind of weather, it's best to stay home and not go outside.	izlaziti	0	0
Imao je kontakta na poslu.	He had a work contract.	kontakta	0	0
Увек буди конструктиван када критикујеш друге.	Always be constructive when you criticize others.	друге	0	0
Već sam napisala deo izveštaja.	I've already written my part of the report.	izveštaja	0	0
Samo naglas razmišljam.	I'm just thinking out loud.	naglas	0	0
Tom prolazi kroz krizu srednjih godina.	Tom is going through a midlife crisis.	krizu	0	0
Zadržala je tajnu za sebe.	She kept the secret to herself.	zadržala	0	0
Пусти пса напоље, хоћеш ли?	Let the dog out, would you?	напоље	0	0
Firma je mogla da izgubi sav novac da se poslušao njegov savet.	The firm might have lost all its money if it had taken his advice.	poslušao	0	0
Том више не живи са нама.	Tom no longer lives with us.	живи	0	0
Hajde da poželimo dobrodošlicu našim gostima.	Let's welcome our guests.	gostima	0	0
On je pre bio član društvene elite, nego predstavnik širokih masa.	He was a member of a social elite rather than the masses.	predstavnik	0	0
Glasina se proširila celim gradom.	The rumor's all over town.	gradom	0	0
Био сам сјајно расположен.	I was in a great mood.	сјајно	0	0
Tom je uključio migavac.	Tom put on his blinker.	uključio	0	0
Državljanstvo je preduslov za glasanje.	Citizenship is a prerequisite for voting.	glasanje	0	0
Ko želi toplu čokoladu?	Who wants a hot chocolate?	toplu	0	0
Da li je tom stvarno izvršio samoubistvo?	Is it true that Tom committed suicide?	izvršio	0	0
Дао сам Тому три новчанице од једног долара.	I gave Tom three one-dollar bills.	долара	0	0
Pokušavamo da zatvorimo kutiju.	We're trying to close the box.	zatvorimo	0	0
Tom nije mogao da priča sa Meri i na to nije mogao uticati.	Tom couldn't talk to Mary and there was nothing he could do about it.	uticati	0	0
Том вара своју жену.	Tom is cheating on his wife.	жену	0	0
Да ли можеш да причаш спорије?	Can you speak slower?	причаш	0	0
Ko je ovde najbrži?	Who's the fastest one here?	najbrži	0	0
Već sam ga naručila.	I've already ordered it.	naručila	0	0
Napravio si gužvu.	You're blocking traffic.	gužvu	0	0
Mašta je bitnija od znanja. Znanje je ograničeno.	Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited.	mašta	0	0
Počeću sa pivom.	I'll start with a beer.	počeću	0	0
Марија је једина девојчица у свом одељењу.	Mary is the only girl in her class.	свом	0	0
Tom je rekao da se šeta svakog dana.	Tom said that he takes a walk every day.	šeta	0	0
Afrika je kolevka čovečanstva.	Africa is the cradle of humanity.	čovečanstva	0	0
Potrudiću se da te ne uznemiravam dok studiraš.	I'll do my best not to disturb your studying.	uznemiravam	0	0
Prijatelji, mogu li da porazgovaram sa vama na minut?	Friends, can I talk with you for a minute?	porazgovaram	0	0
Sedeli smo zajedno u tišini neko vreme.	We sat together in silence for some time.	tišini	0	0
Proveri da je mačka napolju i da su vrata zaključana kada budeš odlazio.	Make sure the cat's out and all the doors are locked when you leave.	odlazio	0	0
Ne daj Tomu da zapadne u nevolje.	Keep Tom out of trouble.	zapadne	0	0
Mržnja je poput pijenja otrova, a da se zatim nadaš da će ona ubiti tvog neprijatelja.	Resentment is like drinking poison, and then hoping it will kill your enemy.	otrova	0	0
Priterani smo uza zid.	We have our backs to the wall.	uza	0	0
Отвори очи.	Open your eyes.	очи	0	0
Ustala je i prišla prozoru.	She stood and walked toward the window.	ustala	0	0
Да ли мислите да ћете моћи да возите ауто када будете имали осамдесет година?	Do you think you'll be able to drive a car when you are eighty years old?	моћи	0	0
Тому је требало неколико сати да склопи кревет на спрат за чије склапање је упуство казало да ће трајати мање од сат времена.	It took Tom several hours to assemble a bunk bed that the instructions said would take less than an hour to assemble.	сат	0	0
Žao mi je, nisam zapamtio vaše ime.	I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name.	zapamtio	0	0
Много вам хвала, моји пријатељи!	Thank you so much, my friends!	пријатељи	0	0
Tretman se odvija uspešno.	The treatment is going successfully.	odvija	0	0
Tom je blago napet.	Tom tensed slightly.	napet	0	0
Имао сам три различита посла током прошле године.	I've had three different jobs this past year.	посла	0	0
Razgovarali smo o raznim temama.	We discussed many topics.	raznim	0	0
Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	zaposleni	0	0
Код Тома, све је могуће.	With Tom, anything is possible.	могуће	0	0
Siguran sam da ćeš dobro da prođeš.	I'm sure you'll do well.	prođeš	0	0
Uzmi papir i piši!	Take a sheet of paper and write!	piši	0	0
Погледах кроз прозор и не видех ништа чудно.	I looked out the window and didn't see anything out of the ordinary.	чудно	0	0
Tom će zapamtiti.	Tom'll remember.	zapamtiti	0	0
Та лаж лепо звучи, али ја бих желео да чујем чисту истину.	The lie sounds good, but I'd like to listen to the unembellished truth.	звучи	0	0
Том је једини који је био у стању да изведе то.	Tom is the only one who was able to do that.	једини	0	0
Колико је сати, молим?	What time is it please?	сати	0	0
Gde si bio u Japanu?	Where did you go to in Japan?	japanu	0	0
Tomov deda je poznavao mog dedu.	Tom's grandfather knew my grandfather.	dedu	0	0
Koliko si pesama napisao?	How many songs have you written?	pesama	0	0
Ne stidim se toga.	I'm not ashamed of that.	stidim	0	0
Волео бих да живим поред мора.	I'd love to live by the sea.	поред	0	0
Visoko je podigao trofej.	He held the trophy on high.	trofej	0	0
Ona izgleda kao grčka boginja.	She looks like a Greek goddess.	boginja	0	0
Зашто ти је то важно?	Why is that important to you?	важно	0	0
Pričaću s Tomom o tome.	I'll speak to Tom about that.	pričaću	0	0
Девојке су отишле у куповину.	The girls went shopping.	девојке	0	0
Nada je štap za hodanje, od kolevke do groba.	Hope is the walking stick, from the cradle to the grave.	groba	0	0
Na sledećoj raskrsnici skrenite desno.	Turn right at the next intersection.	sledećoj	0	0
Tom pati od hroničkih bolova.	Tom suffers from chronic pain.	bolova	0	0
Lepo se provedite!	Have a good time.	provedite	0	0
Tom je imao drugara iz Australije kome je isao nekoliko puta mesečno.	Tom used to have a penpal in Australia that he wrote to several times a month.	drugara	0	0
Možemo li samo da prestanemo sa ovim?	Can we just drop this?	prestanemo	0	0
Koloseum je korišćen do 217. godine, ali onda ga je pogodila munja i izgoreo je.	The Colosseum was used until the year 217, when it was struck by lightning and burnt.	munja	0	0
Krvare mi desni.	My gums are bleeding.	desni	0	0
Ja ću ukloniti dodatak.	I am going to remove the appendix.	ukloniti	0	0
Zašto uvek moraš da se mešaš?	Why do you always have to get involved?	mešaš	0	0
Rubin je jedan od najlepših dragih kamenja na svetu.	Rubies are one of most beautiful gems in the world.	kamenja	0	0
Sedenje po ceo dan i gledanje u ekran računara je loše za tebe.	Sitting down all day and looking at a computer screen is bad for you.	ekran	0	0
Tom se nadao da će postati slavan pisac.	Tom hoped that he would become a famous writer.	slavan	0	0
Dopustila mi je da odem.	She allowed me to go.	dopustila	0	0
Kako biste se osećali ako bi Vas napustila supruga?	How would you feel if your wife left you?	osećali	0	0
Snaga vode okreće točak.	Water power turns the wheel.	točak	0	0
Brak između osoba istog pola je sada legalan u 20 zemalja, uključujući Irsku od juče.	Same sex marriage is now legal in 20 countries worldwide, including Ireland as of yesterday.	zemalja	0	0
Norveška zastava ima tamnoplav Norveški krst sa belim ivicama na crvenoj pozadini, i ona je iz 1821. godine.	The Norwegian flag has a dark blue Nordic cross with white border on a red background, and it is from 1821.	zastava	0	0
Brada ne čini filozofa, ali to ne čini ni jeftin mantil.	A beard doesn't make a philosopher, nor does wearing a cheap coat.	brada	0	0
Živiš u mojem srcu.	You live inside my heart.	mojem	0	0
U teoriji je to moguće, ali je u praksi to jako teško.	In theory it is possible, but in practice it is very difficult.	teoriji	0	0
Уживајте у животу.	Enjoy life.	животу	0	0
Вратио сам Тому новац који сам му дуговао.	I paid Tom back the money that I owed him.	вратио	0	0
Tom pliva brže od svih ljude koje poznajem.	Tom can swim faster than anyone else I know.	pliva	0	0
Norveška ima dosta starih praznih štala.	Norway has many old empty cattle sheds.	praznih	0	0
Da li ste pojeli nešto?	Have you eaten anything?	pojeli	0	0
Većina naučnika je odbacila teoriju pomeranja kontinenata, jer je bilo tako teško da se zamisli da su pokreti ploča uopšte i mogući.	Most scientists had rejected the continental-drift theory because it had been so difficult to imagine that plate movements were even possible.	naučnika	0	0
Била бих разочарана када би се то догодило.	I'd be disappointed if that happened.	догодило	0	0
Vreme je da se pozdravimo.	It's time to say goodbye.	pozdravimo	0	0
Da li stvarno misliš da sam sebičan?	Do you really think I'm selfish?	sebičan	0	0
Nemoj da žuriš.	Don't rush.	žuriš	0	0
Nemojte da prestanete.	Don't stop.	prestanete	0	0
Crn dim je izlazio iz dimnjaka.	Black smoke came out of the chimney.	crn	0	0
Ne postoji besplatan ručak.	There's no free lunch.	besplatan	0	0
Hodali smo po kiši.	We marched in the rain.	kiši	0	0
Sve vidiš u crnim bojama.	You see everything in black colours.	crnim	0	0
Odakle će oni, dođavola, dobiti dodatne mornare?	Where the hell are they going to find extra sailors from?	dodatne	0	0
Govoriš li Italijanski?	Do you speak Italian?	italijanski	0	0
Nemoj da odgovaraš.	Don't respond.	odgovaraš	0	0
Tom je kupio šal svojoj majci.	Tom bought a shawl for his mother.	šal	0	0
Пази на прсте.	Watch your toes.	пази	0	0
Не брини.	Don't worry.	брини	0	0
Ona voli da ide u biblioteku.	She likes to go to the library.	biblioteku	0	0
Tom je sâm napisao ovaj izveštaj.	Tom wrote this report by himself.	sâm	0	0
Jedan je senator nazvao predsednika druge zemlje, oficirem stare obaveštajne službe koji bi želeo da povrati staru imperiju te zemlje.	One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.	povrati	0	0
Svet je bio nasamom rubu nuklearnog rata tokom Kubanske raketne krize oktobra 1962.	The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.	rubu	0	0
Мислио сам да треба да се потрудим да изгледам најбоље што могу.	I thought that I should try to look my best.	најбоље	0	0
Њен аргумент није био поткрепљен чињеницама.	Her argument was not based on facts.	њен	0	0
Pauk vam je odneo auto.	Your car has been towed away.	pauk	0	0
Pronađite Toma.	Find Tom.	pronađite	0	0
Tom je govorio čvrstim glasom.	Tom spoke in a firm voice.	glasom	0	0
Imam tri prelepe unuke.	I have three beautiful granddaughters.	prelepe	0	0
Volim da pišem pesme o vezama.	I like writing songs about relationships.	vezama	0	0
Moram priznati da vam zavidim.	I have to say I envy you guys.	zavidim	0	0
Možemo da iskoristimo resurse ovog ogromnog regiona tako što raspodelimo zadatke između sebe.	We can utilize the resources of this vast region by distributing tasks among ourselves.	zadatke	0	0
Tom nije pružio podršku.	Tom wasn't supportive.	pružio	0	0
Ja sam ta koja je rešila problem.	I'm the one who handled the problem.	rešila	0	0
Седи, молим те.	Sit down, please.	седи	0	0
"Mislim da je završenstvo ružno", rekao je. "Negde u stvarima koje ljudi prave želim da vidim ožiljke, neuspeh, nered, distorziju."	"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."	neuspeh	0	0
Нисам тип особе која поставља много питања.	I'm not the type of person who asks a lot of questions.	тип	0	0
Danas sam ustao na levu nogu.	I woke up on the wrong side of the bed today.	levu	0	0
Свиђа ми се овај фонт.	I like this font.	фонт	0	0
Da li sviraš neki instrument?	Do you play any instruments?	instrument	0	0
Sve je jednako pred zakonom.	Everyone is equal before the law.	zakonom	0	0
Ta mi se sviđala.	That's the one I liked.	sviđala	0	0
Živećemo kao kraljevi.	We'll live like kings.	kraljevi	0	0
Tom greši u vezi toga.	Tom is wrong about that.	greši	0	0
Mi smo stoga postavili malu prenosivu kolibu koja se može podeliti na dva dela i može da se odveze bilo gde.	We therefore introduce a small portable cabin that can be divided in half and carried anywhere.	podeliti	0	0
Tom obećava Skotima brda i doline.	Tom promises the Scots the moon.	doline	0	0
Obnovljiva energija je od suštinskog značaja za ograničavanje povećanja globalne temperature.	Renewable energy is essential for limiting the increase of the global temperature.	značaja	0	0
U uspešnom pregovaranju obično pobeđuju obe strane, i niko se ne ponaša na način koji šteti sopstvenim dugoročnim interesima, iako često postoji mala margina oko čega se može pregovarati.	In a successful negotiation both parties usually win, and no one acts in a way that damages their own long-term interests, even though there is often a small margin that one can negotiate about.	sopstvenim	0	0
Dve trećine studenata je bilo na sastanku.	Two-thirds of the students came to the meeting.	studenata	0	0
Том је тада имао око тринаест година.	Tom was about thirteen years old at that time.	тада	0	0
Da li je neophodno da praviš toliku galamu?	Is it necessary to make so much noise?	toliku	0	0
Чујем да ћеш основати нову компанију.	I hear you'll set up a new company.	чујем	0	0
Један од ученика из задње клупе подиже руку.	One of the students in the back raised his hand.	руку	0	0
Nemoj da olako donosiš zaključke.	Do not draw hasty conclusions.	donosiš	0	0
Probaću.	I'll try.	probaću	0	0
Том игра голф пет или шест пута месечно.	Tom plays golf five or six times a month.	шест	0	0
U našem širokom svetu, postoji nezbroj stilova života, jezika i kultura.	In our wide world, there exist countless lifestyles, languages and cultures.	kultura	0	0
Ova rečenica dopušta više interpretacija o kojima sam morao da vodim računa tokom prevođenja.	This sentence allows for multiple interpretations that I had to consider when translating.	dopušta	0	0
Sve je uništeno.	Everything's ruined.	uništeno	0	0
Nečije smeće je za nekog blago.	One person’s trash is another person’s treasure.	nečije	0	0
Želiš li da vidiš nešto određeno?	Is there something in particular that you want to see?	određeno	0	0
On i ja razmišljamo slično.	He and I are like-minded.	razmišljamo	0	0
Tom je delovao veoma zbunjeno.	Tom looked very puzzled.	delovao	0	0
Ja igram hokej.	I play hockey.	hokej	0	0
Nekima od njih je potrebna pomoć.	Some of them need help.	nekima	0	0
Mnoga se predviđanja ne ostvare.	Many predictions fail.	mnoga	0	0
Tom me je pitao ko je nacrtao sliku.	Tom asked me who had painted the picture.	nacrtao	0	0
Možeš da apgrejduješ svoj računar sa više RAM memorije da ubrzaš svoj PC.	You can upgrade your computer with more random access memory to make the PC faster.	ram	0	0
U ovom rečniku se napisane 1000 reči uz to da sve one moraju biti zapamćene do jula.	There are 1,000 English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.	jula	0	0
Prestani da se trudiš da me napraviš krivom.	Stop trying to make me feel guilty.	krivom	0	0
Preteruješ, Tome.	You're out of line, Tom.	preteruješ	0	0
Седох близу врата.	I sat near the door.	близу	0	0
Ne viči na mene.	Don't shout at me.	viči	0	0
Uskoro ću kupili čamac. Kakvo osiguranje treba da izaberem?	I'll buy a boat soon. What type of insurance should I choose?	izaberem	0	0
Ta tkanina nije iz Indije, zar ne?	Its fabric didn't come from India, did it?	indije	0	0
Ove košulje su iste. Iste su boje.	These shirts are the same. They are the same colour.	košulje	0	0
Želim da ispravim ovaj članak.	I want to correct this article.	ispravim	0	0
Meseci sa najviše kiše su maj, jun, jul i avgust.	The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.	maj	0	0
Firenca je najlepši grad u Italiji.	Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.	najlepši	0	0
Trebalo bi da učimo.	We should study.	učimo	0	0
U čemu je razlika između imitacije i pravih dijamanata?	What is the difference between imitation and real diamonds?	pravih	0	0
Jedva sam uspeo da sakrijem svoje ogorčenje zbog njene drskosti.	I could barely contain my indignation at her impudence.	sakrijem	0	0
Tom nije laka osoba za druženje.	Tom is not an easy person to get along with.	druženje	0	0
Sedeli smo zajedno u tišini neko vreme.	We sat together in silence for some time.	sedeli	0	0
Pokažite mi vaše isprave!	Show me your papers!	isprave	0	0
Da li sumnjaš na mene?	Am I under suspicion?	sumnjaš	0	0
Ne znam šta nije, još uvek ili samo ranije, bilo dobro, ali više puta kada sam pokušavao da se danas ulogujem na sajt, nisam mogao da to uradim.	I don't know what's been going wrong, but several times when I tried to log onto the site today, I couldn't do it.	sajt	0	0
Telefon će mi se uskoro ugasiti.	My phone is about to die.	ugasiti	0	0
Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	litice	0	0
Oni su poboljšali bezbednosne provere, i pripremljeni su za najgore.	They have enhanced security checks and are prepared for the worst.	provere	0	0
Oh, siva mačkice, molim te, ne predi. Deka bi mogao da te čuje.	O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.	deka	0	0
Stvarno volim članove svog tima.	I really like my teammates.	članove	0	0
Много ми се допада та идеја.	I like that idea a lot.	идеја	0	0
Ово је крај пута.	This is the end of the road.	крај	0	0
Мислим да нећемо да нађемо никога ко може да ти уради то.	I don't think we'll find anyone who can do that for you.	нећемо	0	0
Budi pažljiva.	Be watchful.	pažljiva	0	0
Sve pesme koje sam ti pevao danas sam sâm napisao.	All the songs I sang for you today were written by me.	pevao	0	0
Setite se imena fajla pre nego što pokušate da izvršite povratak obrisanih fajlova.	Recall the filename before you try to perform file recovery.	pokušate	0	0
Ajvi Bin, najstariji korisnik i Facebook-a i Twitter-a, je preminula u 104 godini.	Ivy Bean, the oldest user of both Facebook and Twitter, died at 104.	bin	0	0
Možete da sednete pored mene.	You can sit next to me.	sednete	0	0
"Kada si legla da spavaš sinoć?" "U 4." "Šta? Šta si radila toliko kasno?" "Pričala sam sa bivšim na telefonu."	"When'd you go to sleep last night?" "4 o'clock." "What? What were you doing up so late?" "Talking on the phone with my ex-boyfriend."	bivšim	0	0
Toma je lako uplašiti.	Tom gets scared easily.	uplašiti	0	0
Volim svu svoju decu podjednako.	I love all my children equally.	podjednako	0	0
Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	flaše	0	0
Tom je pokušao da ustane.	Tom tried to stand.	ustane	0	0
Mačke ubijaju pacove.	Cats kill rats.	pacove	0	0
Nemam ništa da dodam.	I have nothing to add to that.	dodam	0	0
Tom mi je zatražio više novca nego što mu je stvarno bilo potrebno.	Tom asked me for more money than he really needed.	zatražio	0	0
Ušlo mi je u naviku da radim to.	It's what I'm used to doing.	naviku	0	0
Trenutno istražujem to.	I'm looking into that right now.	istražujem	0	0
Mani se, Tome.	Knock it off, Tom.	mani	0	0
Био сам овде три пута ове недеље.	I've been here three times this week.	недеље	0	0
Мислим да је то може бити случај са много ствари.	I think that can be the case with a lot of things.	случај	0	0
Аха, тако значи!	Ah, so!	аха	0	0
Трза ми се лице.	My face twitches.	лице	0	0
Može da se leči.	It's treatable.	leči	0	0
Tom živi u palati.	Tom lives in a mansion.	palati	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	pretpostaviti	0	0
On želi da se otarasi bolnih sećanja.	He wishes to erase bad memories.	otarasi	0	0
Ако имаш било каква питања, слободно нас позови.	If you have any questions, please feel free to call us.	каква	0	0
Elana je osvojila prvu nagradu.	Elena won first prize.	osvojila	0	0
Podrazumeva se da je među njima postajalo jedno prijateljstvo koje je prevazilazilo odnos gospodara i apostola u to vreme.	It goes without saying that at that time a kind of friendship beyond master and disciple grew between the two of them.	podrazumeva	0	0
Marija je počela da se skida.	Mary started taking her clothes off.	skida	0	0
Uzela je pero i pisala adresu.	She took the pen and wrote the address.	pero	0	0
Rusija je napadnuta.	Russia is under attack.	rusija	0	0
Нема проблема!	No problem!	проблема	0	0
Мери је драга Тому.	Tom is fond of Mary.	драга	0	0
Obnovljiva energija je od suštinskog značaja za ograničavanje povećanja globalne temperature.	Renewable energy is essential for limiting the increase of the global temperature.	temperature	0	0
Imaš li kondom?	Do you have a condom?	kondom	0	0
Za petama sam ti.	I'm on your tail.	petama	0	0
Ovo neće boleti nimalo.	This won't hurt at all.	boleti	0	0
Tom ne zna kako da koristi računar.	Tom doesn't know how to use a computer.	računar	0	0
Верујете у шта хоћете.	Believe what you like.	хоћете	0	0
Tom ne razumije zašto je Meri ljuta.	Tom can't understand why Mary is angry.	razumije	0	0
Budi oprezan. Nož je jako oštar.	Be careful. This knife is really sharp.	oštar	0	0
Том хоће да зна зашто је Мери хтела да уради то.	Tom wants to know why Mary wanted to do that.	хтела	0	0
Да ли сви знате шта радите?	Do you all know what you're doing?	радите	0	0
Uvredio si se zbog toga, iako to uopšte nije imalo to značenje, i to je trebalo da bude nešto smešno sa moje strane, ali ti to nisi video tako.	You took it as offensive, even though that was not at all my intention. I meant it as something funny, but you didn't see it like that.	uvredio	0	0
Meri ne može da podnese Tomovog šefa jer je muška šovinistička svinja.	Mary can't stand Tom's boss, because he's a male chauvinist pig.	muška	0	0
Nadam se da ćemo i mi posetiti Peking.	Hopefully we too will go to Beijing.	posetiti	0	0
Meri gura svoju decu da igraju fudbal.	Mary is a soccer mom.	gura	0	0
Ваша кућа је велика.	Your house is big.	велика	0	0
Dalek je put od zavisnosti od nafte do društva zasnovanog na obnovljivoj energiji.	There is a long way from oil dependence to a renewable energy society.	nafte	0	0
Да ли је Тома брига када идемо?	Does Tom care when we leave?	брига	0	0
Ако имаш нека питања, слободно ме позови на телефон.	If you have any questions, feel free to phone me.	телефон	0	0
Meri je iskoristila jabuke koje joj je Tom dao kako bi napravila puter od jabuka.	Mary used the apples that Tom gave her to make apple butter.	puter	0	0
Preporučujem Vam da posetite Britanski Ratni Muzej u Londonu.	I recommend you visit the Imperial War Museum in London.	preporučujem	0	0
Том је мој брат.	Tom is my brother.	брат	0	0
Tom je otišao onuda.	Tom took off that way.	onuda	0	0
Moramo to da popravimo.	We need to get that fixed.	popravimo	0	0
Smešni ste.	You're being ridiculous.	smešni	0	0
Nekad se zavade među porodicama prošire kroz generacije.	Sometimes family feuds extend through the generations.	porodicama	0	0
Tom ovo nikad neče shvatiti.	Tom will never figure this out.	neče	0	0
Само полако.	Pace yourselves.	полако	0	0
On je Francuz.	He is French.	francuz	0	0
Imaš poentu.	You have a good point.	poentu	0	0
Ne treba suditi o čoveku po njegovom izgledu.	You shouldn't judge a man by his appearance.	suditi	0	0
Морамо да научимо да не схватамо себе превише озбиљно.	We need to learn not to take ourselves too seriously.	озбиљно	0	0
Norveška zastava ima tamnoplav Norveški krst sa belim ivicama na crvenoj pozadini, i ona je iz 1821. godine.	The Norwegian flag has a dark blue Nordic cross with white border on a red background, and it is from 1821.	belim	0	0
Час почиње тек у пола девет.	Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.	пола	0	0
Mi smo iz Rusije.	We are from Russia.	rusije	0	0
Tom je radio čitavog života.	Tom worked all his life.	čitavog	0	0
Ispričaj nam priču o duhovima.	Tell us a ghost story.	duhovima	0	0
Upravo sam video da je ambasador Saudi Arabije dao ostavku.	I've seen just now that the ambassador of Saudi Arabia has resigned.	ambasador	0	0
Том је екстровертан момак, али је много стидљив пред камером.	Tom is an outgoing guy, but he's so camera shy.	пред	0	0
Po načinu na koji je Meri zalupila vrata, Tom je shvatio da je tužna.	Tom could tell by the way Mary slammed the door that she was upset.	načinu	0	0
Ostao je trajno paralizovan posle nesreće.	The accident left him permanently paralyzed.	trajno	0	0
Кажу да градоначелник узима мито.	It's said that the mayor is on the take.	кажу	0	0
Da li si nekad pomuzao kravu?	Have you ever milked a cow?	kravu	0	0
Tom je detaljno objasnio, ali i dalje ne razumem.	Tom explained it in detail, but I still don't get it.	detaljno	0	0
Da li si spreman da preuzmeš ako Tom ne bi mogao više da radi?	Are you ready to take over if Tom can't work anymore?	preuzmeš	0	0
Nastavnica nam je objasnila šta je pesnik hteo da kaže.	The teacher explained to us the meaning of the poem.	pesnik	0	0
Istragom je ustanovljeno da je, uprkos svom poricanju, šef morao da zna sve o nelegalnim zbivanjima u njegovoj kompaniji.	The enquiry concluded that, despite his denials, the chief executive would have had to have known about the illegal practices occurring in the company.	istragom	0	0
Zaspala je na mom ramenu.	She fell asleep on my shoulder.	ramenu	0	0
Šta je ta stvar i tvojoj desnoj šaci?	What is that thing in your right hand?	desnoj	0	0
Sviraj to ponovo, Sem	Play it again, Sam.	sviraj	0	0
Razočarao si me.	You disappointed me.	razočarao	0	0
Волео бих да купим кола.	I'd like to buy a car.	кола	0	0
Да сам на вашем месту, радила бих нешто друго.	If I were you, I'd do something else.	месту	0	0
Imamo direktan pristup informacijama.	We have direct access to the information.	informacijama	0	0
Ako želiš da odeš do muzeja umetnosti, uhvati ovaj autobus.	If you want to go to the art museum, take this bus.	muzeja	0	0
Leti nosim majice na kratke rukave.	I wear short-sleeve shirts in the summer.	kratke	0	0
Sve je priznala.	She confessed everything.	priznala	0	0
Знаш ли некога ко може да уради то за нас?	Do you know anybody who can do that for us?	некога	0	0
Samo probaj da ostaneš smiren.	Just try and stay calm.	smiren	0	0
Molim te, dođi da me pokupiš.	Please come and get me.	pokupiš	0	0
Jesi li oprao sudove?	Have you washed the dishes?	sudove	0	0
Naučiću te da pišeš.	I'll teach you how to write.	naučiću	0	0
Том и Мери не знају шта радиш, зар не?	Tom and Mary don’t know what you do, do they?	знају	0	0
Odlično ćemo se zabavljati.	We'll have so much fun.	zabavljati	0	0
Jesi li umešana u ovo?	Are you involved in this?	umešana	0	0
Ako se period iznajmljivanja produži izvan ugovorenog perioda, obračunaće se proporcionalni dodatak kirije.	If the rental period is extended beyond the agreed period, a prorated rent shall be calculated.	perioda	0	0
Можете ли дати пример?	Can you give an example?	дати	0	0
Tom je bio u publici.	Tom was in the audience.	publici	0	0
Koliko košta flaša piva?	How much does a bottle of beer cost?	flaša	0	0
Том је увек на путу.	Tom is always on the go.	путу	0	0
Tom nikad ne obraća mnogo pažnje na ono što učitelj kaže.	Tom never pays much attention to what his teacher says.	obraća	0	0
Put je direktan.	The path is direct.	direktan	0	0
Ovde se pojave da uživaju uz fontanu sa ledom, pivom i korpom za izlet.	Here they show up to enjoy themselves by the fountain with ice, beer and picnic basket.	uživaju	0	0
То је стари часопис.	That's an old magazine.	стари	0	0
Afrika je kolevka čovečanstva.	Africa is the cradle of humanity.	afrika	0	0
Da li je ispunio svoje ciljeve?	Did he accomplish his goals?	ispunio	0	0
Policajac ga je uhapsio zbog vožnje u pijanom stanju.	The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.	uhapsio	0	0
On nije Amerikanac, nego Englez.	He is not an American but an Englishman.	englez	0	0
Стално је вежбала клавир.	She was always practicing the piano.	стално	0	0
Veoma si nepristojan.	You're very rude.	nepristojan	0	0
Život i smrt su dve strane istog novčića.	Life and death are two sides of the same coin.	novčića	0	0
Neki od njih su bili i još uvek su u konstantnoj opasnosti zbog političke represije i progona.	Some of them were and are in constant danger due to political repression and persecution.	političke	0	0
Том и ја смо се на крају венчали.	Tom and I ended up getting married.	крају	0	0
Мала је вероватноћа да ће Тома позвати да сведочи.	Tom isn't likely to be called as a witness.	мала	0	0
Ваљда.	I suppose so.	ваљда	0	0
On ne podnosi zmije.	He has an abhorrence of snakes.	podnosi	0	0
Желим да вам помогнем.	I want to help you.	помогнем	0	0
Postoji mnogo galaksija u univerzumu.	There are many galaxies in the universe.	univerzumu	0	0
Tom je poštovani biznismen.	Tom is a respected businessman.	biznismen	0	0
Ovaj je jedinstven.	This is one of a kind.	jedinstven	0	0
Но како!	Absolutely!	но	0	0
У мојој соби се налази телефон.	There's a phone in my room.	мојој	0	0
Da bi to postigao, moraš da rizikuješ.	In order to do that, you have to take risks.	rizikuješ	0	0
Ona pravi od komarca slona.	She is making a mountain out of a molehill.	slona	0	0
I danas je temepratura ispod nule.	The temperature is below zero today, too.	nule	0	0
"Учите из својих грешака" и "Искуство је најбољи учитељ", кажу, али на дуге стазе чак и најбољи учитељ се наљути, ако он или она имају превише да предају за премало времена.	"Learn from your mistakes" and "Experience is the best teacher" they say, but in the long run even the best teacher gets mad, if he or she has too much to teach in too little time.	најбољи	0	0
Били сте моји.	You were mine.	моји	0	0
Tvrdoglava sam.	I'm stubborn.	tvrdoglava	0	0
Firma je propala zbog nedostatka kapitala.	The firm went under due to lack of capital.	propala	0	0
Da li su Tom i Meri stvarno oženjeni?	Are Tom and Mary really married?	oženjeni	0	0
Imam kućne duhove.	I've got some brownies.	kućne	0	0
Желим да се отарасим свих ових књига.	I want to get rid of all these books.	свих	0	0
Crno-bele fotografije imaju poseban šarm.	Black and white photos have a special charm.	šarm	0	0
Tom će se postarati za ovo.	Tom can handle this.	postarati	0	0
Imam poteškoća kada govorim o svojim osećanjima.	I have trouble talking about my feelings.	osećanjima	0	0
Kako si našla Tomovo skrovište?	How did you find Tom's hiding place?	skrovište	0	0
Ovde se pojave da uživaju uz fontanu sa ledom, pivom i korpom za izlet.	Here they show up to enjoy themselves by the fountain with ice, beer and picnic basket.	ledom	0	0
Gradsko veće je izglasalo da izdvoji jedan milion za preliminarne inžinjerske radove na novom pozorištu u Bergenu.	The City Council voted to grant one million for the preliminary engineering work on the new theater in Bergen.	radove	0	0
Imam tri predivne unuke.	I have three beautiful granddaughters.	predivne	0	0
Nećemo da dozvolimo da umreš.	We won't let you die.	dozvolimo	0	0
Osam najboljih igrača su preživeli deveti dan takmičenja.	The top eight players survived the ninth day of the tournament.	takmičenja	0	0
Brada ne čini filozofa, ali to ne čini ni jeftin mantil.	A beard doesn't make a philosopher, nor does wearing a cheap coat.	jeftin	0	0
Govori će se baviti problemom zagađenja.	The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.	baviti	0	0
Možeš da svu robu šalješ poštom privatnim osobama i kompanijama.	You can use the post office to ship any goods to private individuals and companies.	poštom	0	0
Porasla si.	You've grown.	porasla	0	0
Možeš da svu robu šalješ poštom privatnim osobama i kompanijama.	You can use the post office to ship any goods to private individuals and companies.	šalješ	0	0
Alisa se nasmejala.	Alice smiled.	alisa	0	0
Знам шта желе.	I know what they want.	желе	0	0
Svet je bio nasamom rubu nuklearnog rata tokom Kubanske raketne krize oktobra 1962.	The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.	krize	0	0
Ona nastavlja da kuka kako nema vremena.	She keeps moaning that she has no time.	kuka	0	0
Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	zadivljujuće	0	0
Priđite.	Come forward.	priđite	0	0
Ponestalo ti je sreće, Tome.	You're out of luck, Tom.	ponestalo	0	0
Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	načelnik	0	0
Tom se bio napio i utopio je svoju tugu, posle te jedne noći pijančenja.	Tom got drunk and drowned his sorrows in that one night of intemperance.	napio	0	0
Zašto je slikanje vozova interesantno?	Why is taking pictures of trains interesting?	slikanje	0	0
Tom ima starijeg brata Džona.	Tom has an older brother named John.	starijeg	0	0
Beskorisno je.	It's pointless.	beskorisno	0	0
То је било једноставно.	Doing that was easy.	једноставно	0	0
Тома је три дана касније ухапсила полиција.	Tom was captured by the police three days later.	полиција	0	0
Sedmica ima sedam dana: ponedeljak, utorak, sreda, četvrtak, petak, subota i nedelja.	A week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.	sedmica	0	0
Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	bratstvo	0	0
Jesi li alergičan na neku hranu?	Do you have any food allergies?	alergičan	0	0
Svi su stajali.	Everyone stood.	stajali	0	0
Ne želim da budem okrutan.	I don't want to be cruel.	okrutan	0	0
Tom je otpio veliki gutljaj.	Tom took a long drink.	gutljaj	0	0
Ovo je javna ulica, ne staza za trkanje.	This is a public street, not a racetrack.	javna	0	0
Ponosim se ovim timom.	I'm proud of this team.	timom	0	0
Tom je probao da ubedi Meri da ne ide, ali nije uspeo.	Tom tried to talk Mary out of going, but he wasn't able to.	ubedi	0	0
Ништа се није чуло сем откуцаја сата.	Nothing could be heard but the ticking of the clock.	сата	0	0
Molim vas, ponovite?	Could you repeat that?	ponovite	0	0
Samo hoću da se sklonim odavde.	I just want to get away.	sklonim	0	0
Kišna sezona počinje juna.	Rainy season begins in June.	juna	0	0
Izabrao si lepog.	You picked a nice one.	lepog	0	0
Najjače preporučujemo da koristite jedan od tri unapred definisana režima za postizanje optimalnih rezultata.	We highly recommend using one of three preset modes to achieve optimal results.	rezultata	0	0
Video sam zmiju.	I saw a snake.	zmiju	0	0
На основу чега знамо да је невин?	How do we know that he's innocent?	чега	0	0
Хајде да се кладимо да Том неће да дође на журку.	I bet you Tom won't be at the party.	дође	0	0
Pozajmiću ti radnu svesku ako mi obećaš da nećeš ništa pisati po njoj.	I'll lend you my textbook if you promise not to write anything in it.	obećaš	0	0
Ne ljutim se na tebe, samo sam veoma razočaran.	I'm not angry at you, just very disappointed.	ljutim	0	0
Tom je bio posvećen.	Tom was devoted.	posvećen	0	0
Tomovo samopouzdanje je razbijeno kada ga je šef skinuo pred njegovim kolegama.	Tom's self-confidence was shattered after his boss dressed him down in front of his workmates.	kolegama	0	0
Plivam u okeanu.	I'm swimming in the ocean.	plivam	0	0
Сећам се тог места.	I remember that place.	места	0	0
Trudila sam se da budem ljubazna.	I was trying to be nice.	trudila	0	0
Нисам знала ништа о Томе.	I knew nothing about that.	знала	0	0
Svesrdno podržavam tvoje komentare.	I support your comments wholeheartedly.	podržavam	0	0
Slučajno sam formatirao tvoj hard disk.	I've formatted your hard disk by mistake.	hard	0	0
У овој соби нема намештаја.	There is no furniture in this room.	овој	0	0
Svi su se smejali.	Everybody laughed.	smejali	0	0
Dostupan sam.	I'm available.	dostupan	0	0
Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	neprijateljski	0	0
Овај пут води у град.	This road goes to the city.	води	0	0
Jedina reč napisana na stranici bila je "žaba".	The only word written on the page was the word "frog."	žaba	0	0
Нико није тражио твоју помоћ.	No one asked for your help.	твоју	0	0
Они ће ме убити.	They'll kill me.	убити	0	0
Svi njeni učenici zaista vole da čitaju knjige.	All her students really love to read books.	čitaju	0	0
Moramo da ostanemo zdravi.	We have to stay healthy.	zdravi	0	0
Ne treba da radiš nedeljom.	You don't have to work on Sundays.	nedeljom	0	0
Tomova je knjiga na vrhu Božićne prodaje knjiga, i teško da će je neka knjiga zbaciti sa položaja.	Tom's book is topping the Christmas sales of books, and hardly any book can put it off its game.	položaja	0	0
План је био успешан.	The plan was a success.	план	0	0
Tom je progovorio skoro plačući.	Tom spoke with tears in his voice.	progovorio	0	0
Tom se pokidao od smeha.	Tom cracked up laughing.	smeha	0	0
Bilo bi dobro da sam obukao još jedan sloj.	It would've been nice if I had worn another layer.	sloj	0	0
Brodski trup je oštećen.	The ship's hull is damaged.	oštećen	0	0
Изгледа да је Томова смрт била самоубиство.	Apparently Tom's death was a suicide.	смрт	0	0
Mogao si da čuješ utučenost u Merinom glasu.	You could hear the desperation in Mary's voice.	glasu	0	0
Ovo je relativno i dvosmisleno.	This is relative and ambiguous.	relativno	0	0
Smejao sam se.	I laughed.	smejao	0	0
Можеш ли да ме научиш како да радим колут напред?	Can you teach me how to do somersaults?	напред	0	0
Tom bi još bio živ da je vezao pojas.	Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt.	vezao	0	0
Iscrpljen sam.	I'm wasted.	iscrpljen	0	0
Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	revoluciju	0	0
Potrebno je da se sruši nekoliko starih kuća.	A few old buildings need to be demolished.	sruši	0	0
Kamion za čišćenje snega je pokušavao da održava autoput u blizini Osla bez snega u četvrtak ujutru.	A snowplow tried to keep the highway near Oslo free of snow on Thursday morning.	snega	0	0
Tom je prošle nedelje proslavljao godišnjicu mature.	Tom went to his high school reunion last week.	mature	0	0
U prozorskom staklu vidim odraz mog lica.	I see my reflection in the window.	odraz	0	0
Civilizacija zasnovana na fosilnim gorivima će se na kraju neminovno srušiti.	Our fossil-fuel based industrial civilization will eventually collapse.	civilizacija	0	0
Hajde da pojedemo sladoled sada, pre nego što se otopi.	Let's eat the ice cream now before it melts.	pojedemo	0	0
To me ne iznenađuje.	It doesn't surprise me.	iznenađuje	0	0
Tvoj način gledanja na nešto zavisi od tvoje situacije.	Your way of looking at something depends on your situation.	gledanja	0	0
Da li zaista mislite da sam sebična?	Do you really think I'm selfish?	sebična	0	0
Pobunjenici su saboritali prugu.	The rebels sabotaged the railroad.	pobunjenici	0	0
Rastojanje između moje kuće i tvoje kuće je dva kilometra.	The distance from my house to your house is two kilometers.	kilometra	0	0
Не можеш тек тако да одеш.	You can't just go.	тек	0	0
Francuska je u Zapadnoj Evropi.	France is in Western Europe.	zapadnoj	0	0
Безбедност пре свега!	Safety first!	свега	0	0
Indija je sedma zemlja na svetu po veličini.	India is the seventh largest country in the world.	indija	0	0
Vi to možete ako probate.	You guys can do it if you try.	probate	0	0
Сећам се шта сам рекао.	I remember what I said.	сећам	0	0
Budućnost izgleda mračno za Edmond Dantesa, pošto je postao žrtva zavere, on je osuđen za izdaju i poslat doživotno u zatvor.	The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.	zavere	0	0
Tom će se oporaviti.	Tom'll recover.	oporaviti	0	0
Moj brat je mali, ali je mnogo porastao u poslednje vreme.	My brother is small but he has grown a lot recently.	porastao	0	0
Za doručak uvek jedem voće i ovsene pahuljice.	I always have fruit and oatmeal for breakfast.	pahuljice	0	0
Mržnja je poput pijenja otrova, a da se zatim nadaš da će ona ubiti tvog neprijatelja.	Resentment is like drinking poison, and then hoping it will kill your enemy.	nadaš	0	0
Jedan, dva, tri, četri, pet, šest, sedam, osam, devet, deset.	One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.	četri	0	0
Dopala nam se hrana, naročito riba.	We liked the food, especially the fish.	dopala	0	0
"Bolje je umreti na nogama nego živeti na kolenima." "Zašto si onda i dalje živ?"	"It's better to die on your feet than to live on your knees." "Then why are you still alive?"	kolenima	0	0
Mama je presadila cveće u baštu.	Mother transplanted the flowers to the garden.	baštu	0	0
Ne razgovarajte.	Don't talk.	razgovarajte	0	0
Rusija je napadnuta.	Russia is under attack.	napadnuta	0	0
Da li ste videli moje kuče?	Have you seen my dog?	kuče	0	0
Kada je Tom bio tinejdžer, zarađivao je raznoseći novine.	When Tom was a teenager, he earned money delivering newspapers.	tinejdžer	0	0
Jesi li zapisao broj?	Did you write down the number?	zapisao	0	0
Немаш бриге.	No worries.	немаш	0	0
Uf! Mrzim zmije!	Ugh! I hate snakes!	uf	0	0
Хеј, брате.	Hey, dude.	брате	0	0
U spavaćoj sobi imam ogledalo od poda do plafona.	I have a full-length mirror in my bedroom.	poda	0	0
Ona je prepoznala vrhunskog špijuna sa višestrukim identitetom kada mu je pala perika.	She recognized the master spy with multiple identities when his wig fell off.	špijuna	0	0
Gradsko veće je izglasalo da izdvoji jedan milion za preliminarne inžinjerske radove na novom pozorištu u Bergenu.	The City Council voted to grant one million for the preliminary engineering work on the new theater in Bergen.	pozorištu	0	0
Da li je ovo mesto zauzeto?	Is this seat taken?	zauzeto	0	0
Tom je upucan triput.	Tom has been shot three times.	triput	0	0
Marija dobro poznaje radna uputstva i tehničke propise.	Mary has good knowledge of working instructions and technical regulations.	radna	0	0
Ovde povlačim crtu.	This is where I draw the line.	crtu	0	0
Zarobljena sam.	I'm trapped.	zarobljena	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	dnevnu	0	0
Srčani udar često dolazi kao grom s plavog neba.	A heart attack often comes like lightning from a blue sky.	grom	0	0
Ko je pojeo sve kolačiće?	Who ate all the cookies?	kolačiće	0	0
Људима треба инспирација.	People need inspiration.	људима	0	0
Delovalo mi je žuto.	It looked yellow to me.	delovalo	0	0
Ne mogu da čekam do ponedeljka.	I can't wait until Monday.	ponedeljka	0	0
Метак је прошао кроз његово тело.	The bullet went through his body.	тело	0	0
Мораћете да одете тамо следећи пут.	You'll have to go there next time.	следећи	0	0
Sekretar Sjedinjenih država Džon Keri polomio je desnu butnu kost u biciklističkoj nezgodi u nedelju u Francuskoj.	U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right thigh bone in a bicycling accident Sunday in France.	polomio	0	0
Upalio je baklju pre nego što je ušao u pećinu.	He had lit the torch before he entered the cave.	pećinu	0	0
Izgleda da živi u Britaniji.	He seems to live in Britain.	britaniji	0	0
Verujem da je Elvis još živ.	I believe Elvis is still alive.	elvis	0	0
Reci Tomu da ga pozdravljam.	Tell Tom I said hello.	pozdravljam	0	0
Ko ti je rekao da pišeš levom rukom?	Who told you to write with your left hand?	levom	0	0
Сећаш ли се када си упознао Тома?	Can you remember the first time you met Tom?	сећаш	0	0
Da smo stigli ovde ranije možda bismo mogli da spasemo Toma.	If we'd gotten here sooner, we might've been able to save Tom.	spasemo	0	0
Ne selim se u Boston.	I'm not moving to Boston.	selim	0	0
Cveće cveta.	Flowers bloom.	cveta	0	0
Koliko dugo živi kornjača?	How long does a turtle live?	kornjača	0	0
Nećemo vas izneveriti.	We won't let you down.	izneveriti	0	0
On je svoj život posvetio ostvarivanju viziju onoga što je želeo da stvori za samog sebe i druge.	He devoted his life to pursuing a vision of what he wanted to create for himself and others.	posvetio	0	0
Ne smeš to da diraš.	You mustn't touch it.	diraš	0	0
Da li su zrele ove banane?	Are these bananas ripe?	banane	0	0
Danas ću ukazati na prednosti i mane outsourcinga.	Today I'll point out the pros and cons of outsourcing.	mane	0	0
Cilj nije da se utiče na trenutnu proizvodnju nafte, već da se zamrači energetska budućnost te zemlje.	The goal is not to affect current oil production, but to obscure that country's energy future.	proizvodnju	0	0
U šahu postoje situacije u kojima se isplati da se žrtvuje figura da se stekne prednost na dugi rok.	In chess, there are situations where it pays off to sacrifice a piece to gain an advantage over the long term.	figura	0	0
Meri ne može da podnese kada joj Tom diše za vratom dok ona kuva.	Mary can't stand it when Tom hovers around her while she's cooking.	vratom	0	0
Njeno ime je bilo nepoznato.	Her name was unknown.	nepoznato	0	0
Tom je bio upravnik sve do 2010 kada je Marija preuzela vođstvo.	Tom was a manager until 2010, when Mary took over the lead.	preuzela	0	0
Pre tri dana su sve pumpe i alarmni sistemi otkazali, i velika količina vode je prodrla u oslofjordski tunel.	All pumps and alarm systems failed, and large amounts of water flooded into the Oslofjord Tunnel three days ago.	sistemi	0	0
Ljudi su mislili da je paradajz otrovan.	People used to think that the tomato was poisonous.	paradajz	0	0
Tog dana je padala kiša.	It rained that day.	padala	0	0
Верујем да је Том некако умешан у киднаповање.	I believe Tom had something to do with the kidnapping.	некако	0	0
Želim da te vidim iza rešetaka.	I want you behind bars.	rešetaka	0	0
Деца воле да се играју по снегу.	Children like to play in the snow.	деца	0	0
Tom baš ima narav.	Tom certainly has a temper.	narav	0	0
Nadam se da će biti suvo vreme.	I hope that the weather will be dry.	suvo	0	0
Следећа особа, молим.	Next person, please.	особа	0	0
Ajvi Bin, najstariji korisnik i Facebook-a i Twitter-a, je preminula u 104 godini.	Ivy Bean, the oldest user of both Facebook and Twitter, died at 104.	preminula	0	0
Sve se vrlo brzo menja i to danas zahteva novi način razmišljanja kod zaposlenih.	Everything changes very quickly, which calls for a new mindset among today's employees.	zaposlenih	0	0
Ne želim da me Tom vidi golu.	I don't want Tom to see me naked.	golu	0	0
Trebalo bi da zatvoriš prozore.	You should close your windows.	zatvoriš	0	0
Možeš li da mi dodaš daljinac?	Could you hand me the remote?	dodaš	0	0
Mala Marija voli da crta crteže drvenim bojicama.	Little Maria likes to draw pictures with crayons.	crta	0	0
Da sam znao tvoju mejl adresu, pisao bih ti.	If I had known your email address, I would've written.	mejl	0	0
Prestar sam ja za ovo.	I'm too old for this sort of thing.	prestar	0	0
Složila sam se da ga kupim.	I agreed to buy it.	složila	0	0
Kengur skače veoma visoko.	The kangaroo jumps very high.	skače	0	0
Svečena večera se održala u Beloj kući.	The official dinner took place at the White House.	beloj	0	0
Koliko ljudi je ubijeno?	How many people got killed?	ubijeno	0	0
Одакле ти знаш то, Томе?	How would you know that, Tom?	одакле	0	0
Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	mornarice	0	0
Uštedeće vreme ako izbegavamo Park Street.	It'll save time if we avoid Park Street.	street	0	0
Мале су шансе да то урадимо заједно.	We're not very likely to do that together.	шансе	0	0
Tom misli da ima grip.	Tom thinks he has the flu.	grip	0	0
Ne padam ja na to.	I'm not buying it.	padam	0	0
Može biti teško obići nepoznati teren.	Unfamiliar terrain can be difficult to traverse.	nepoznati	0	0
Meseci sa najviše kiše su maj, jun, jul i avgust.	The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.	jun	0	0
Bojim se da ne mogu da ti dopustim da uradiš to.	I'm afraid I can't let you do that.	dopustim	0	0
Proizvođači oružija treba da doniraju svoj novac organizacijama koje mogu da pomognu zemljama u ratu.	Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.	zemljama	0	0
Meta je na vidiku.	The target is in sight.	vidiku	0	0
Лаку ноћ, даме.	Goodnight, ladies.	лаку	0	0
Glasina se brzo proširila.	The rumour quickly spread.	glasina	0	0
Norveška me je iznenadila.	Norway surprised me.	iznenadila	0	0
Tom je bežao da se sakrije.	Tom ran for cover.	bežao	0	0
Ja mrzim matematiku.	I hate mathematics.	matematiku	0	0
Да ли смо спремни за полазак?	Are we ready to go?	спремни	0	0
Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	delimično	0	0
Bilo bi lepo da me sačekate.	I want you guys to wait for me.	sačekate	0	0
Нисам имала појма да се дружиш са Томом.	I had no idea Tom was a friend of yours.	појма	0	0
Нису потребне речи.	No words are necessary.	речи	0	0
Што бих се бојала смрти?	Why I should fear death?	смрти	0	0
Је ли то права реч?	Is that a real word?	права	0	0
Jednoglasno su zaključili da je on prekršio pravila o nelojalnoj imitaciji i dobre poslovne prakse u zakonu o reklamiranju.	They unanimously concluded that he had violated the rules against unfair imitation as well as good business practices under marketing law.	poslovne	0	0
Kakvo hranu obično kuvaš?	What kind of food do you usually cook?	kuvaš	0	0
Pazi šta želiš. Možda ti se i ostvari.	Be careful what you wish for. It might come true.	ostvari	0	0
Научио сам да живим без ње.	I learned to live without her.	ње	0	0
Немамо приступ чистој води.	We have no access to clean water.	немамо	0	0
Da li sam ja ispustio to?	Did I drop that?	ispustio	0	0
Сећам се куповине овога.	I remember buying this.	овога	0	0
Мислим да би Том послушао свако наређење које му издам.	I think Tom would follow any command I gave.	свако	0	0
Pikaso je čuveni umetnik.	Picasso is a famous artist.	čuveni	0	0
Кога бисте да видите?	Who do you want to see?	бисте	0	0
Gledaj te patke na jezeru.	Look at those ducks on the pond.	patke	0	0
Možete da formatirate i podešavate tabelu za unakrsne proračune, ubacite i koristite obične tabele, dijagrame, formule i funkcije.	You can format and customize a worksheet, and insert and use tables, charts, formulas and functions.	funkcije	0	0
Kako da se otarasite krtica u bašti?	How do you get rid of moles in the garden?	krtica	0	0
Neću pokušavati da predvidim budućnost.	I won't try to predict the future.	pokušavati	0	0
Možemo da mnogo naučimo o ratno-istorijskom događaju kao što je progrom Jevreja i možemo da osiguramo da se ovo slično nikada ne ponovi.	We can learn a lot about an historical event such as the persecution of the Jews and make sure that something similar does not happen again.	naučimo	0	0
Odbrani se.	Defend yourself.	odbrani	0	0
Погледајте ове слике.	Take a look at these pictures.	погледајте	0	0
Koliko krvi je povređeni izgubio?	How much blood has the injured lost?	povređeni	0	0
Е то ће бити занимљиво.	That should be interesting.	е	0	0
Zaboravljam gde ostavim šešir.	I forget where I put my hat.	zaboravljam	0	0
Sve su prevarili.	They deceived all.	prevarili	0	0
У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	мање	0	0
Том Џексон предаје у школи мог сина.	Tom Jackson teaches at my son's school.	сина	0	0
Svaka je komunikacija prevod.	All communication is translation.	komunikacija	0	0
Добро дошла назад!	Welcome back!	дошла	0	0
Uhvaćeni su na delu.	They were caught red-handed.	uhvaćeni	0	0
Nisam prorok.	I am not a prophet.	prorok	0	0
Ni kod babe nema džabe.	Nothing's free.	babe	0	0
Šta je uopšte frka?	What's all the commotion about anyway?	frka	0	0
Tom je predao listu tema koje bi mogle da uđu u plan za godišnji sastanak.	Tom submitted a list of topics for possible inclusion on the agenda for the annual general meeting.	godišnji	0	0
Kako mi je to promaklo?	How did I miss that?	promaklo	0	0
Hajdemo na kuglanje neki dan.	Let's go bowling together sometime soon.	kuglanje	0	0
Preseci papir napola.	Cut the paper in half.	napola	0	0
Kako da sprečimo da se to dogodi?	How can we prevent that from happening?	sprečimo	0	0
Tom će da se oporavi.	Tom'll recover.	oporavi	0	0
Ха?	Huh?	ха	0	0
Užasni su.	They're dreadful.	užasni	0	0
Još se nisu probudili.	They still haven't woken up.	probudili	0	0
Neke devojke jednostavno nikad ne nauče.	Some girls just never learn.	nauče	0	0
Da li je sada sve rešeno?	Is it all resolved now?	rešeno	0	0
Trebalo bi da proveriš svoj kalendar.	You should check your calendar.	kalendar	0	0
Tom je previše siromašan da unajmi advokata.	Tom is too poor to hire a lawyer.	siromašan	0	0
Šta je to, mala maco? Želela bi malo krema?	What's that, little cat? Would you like some sour cream?	maco	0	0
Ljudi su mislili da je paradajz otrovan.	People used to think that the tomato was poisonous.	otrovan	0	0
Troje ranjenih, za koje je trenutno nejasno u kakvom su stanju, je evakuisano u Američku poljsku bolnicu.	Three of the wounded, whose condition is unclear, have been evacuated to an American field hospital.	američku	0	0
Nemam dovoljno vremena da ti detaljno objašnjavam to.	I don't have enough time to explain that to you in detail.	objašnjavam	0	0
Izgleda da je žrtva pokušala da napiše ime ubice sopstvenom krvlju.	It appears that the victim tried to write the murderer's name with his own blood.	sopstvenom	0	0
Učitelj je napisao nešto na tabli, ali nisam mogao da pročitam jer je bilo premalo.	The teacher wrote something on the blackboard, but it was too small for me to read.	premalo	0	0
Том није знао да ће Мери бити на журци синоћ.	Tom didn't know that Mary was going to be at the party last night.	синоћ	0	0
Sva mesta za parkiranje su puna.	All the parking lots were full.	parkiranje	0	0
Nikad nismo bili razdvojeni.	We've never been apart.	razdvojeni	0	0
Smej se.	Smile.	smej	0	0
Волела бих да знам разлог зашто ниси била тамо.	I'd like to know the reason why you weren't there.	разлог	0	0
Da li bi mogao da baciš pogled i vidiš da li ima dovoljno hleba za naše ručkove sutradan?	Could you have a look and see if there's enough bread for our lunches tomorrow?	sutradan	0	0
On je slobodan subotom.	Saturday is the day when he is free.	subotom	0	0
Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	sastoji	0	0
Sve što je previše glupo da se izgovori se peva.	Anything too stupid to be said is sung.	izgovori	0	0
Ne obraćaš pažnju.	You're not paying attention.	obraćaš	0	0
Dođite da me pokupite.	Come pick me up.	pokupite	0	0
Знао сам да ћу вас двоје наћи заједно.	I knew I'd find the two of you together.	двоје	0	0
Дај нам минут, важи?	Give us a minute, OK?	важи	0	0
To mi je omiljena majica, i uvek je perem na ruke.	That's my favorite shirt, and I always wash it by hand.	perem	0	0
Nikada nisam dozvolio da moje školovanje ometa moje obrazovanje.	I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.	ometa	0	0
Mi o vuku, a vuk na vrata.	Speak of the devil.	vuku	0	0
Tom zna proceduru.	Tom knows the drill.	proceduru	0	0
Dvaput meri, jednom seci!	Measure twice, cut once!	seci	0	0
Tom mi je pomogao da uštedim koji dinar tako što mi je rekao za jeftinije mesto gde se to može kupiti.	Tom helped save me a few bucks by telling me about a cheaper place to buy one.	jeftinije	0	0
Pokušaćemo na vaš način.	We'll try it your way.	pokušaćemo	0	0
Nemoj da staješ.	Don't stop.	staješ	0	0
Mama, Tom neće da mi vrati igračku!	Mama, Tom won't gimme back my toy!	igračku	0	0
Бојим се да ћете морати да идете.	I'm afraid you'll have to go.	морати	0	0
Rečenica obično ima jedan subjekat i jedan glagol.	A sentence normally has a subject and a verb.	rečenica	0	0
Mari je sa prozora skočila u reku.	Marie jumped from the window into the river.	skočila	0	0
Da li je ispunio svoje ciljeve?	Did he accomplish his goals?	ciljeve	0	0
Zubar mi je rekao da otvorim usta.	The dentist told me to open my mouth.	zubar	0	0
Moderna, racionalna, logična i nepristrasna nauka nam je već dala daleko sigurnija saznanja i nemerljivo više nego što nam je bilo koja religija ikada dala.	Modern, rational, logical and unprejudiced science has already given us far more secure knowledge and immeasurably more than any religion has ever given us.	moderna	0	0
Možete li, molim vas, da ugasite radio za mene?	Could you please turn off the radio for me?	ugasite	0	0
Troškovi života rastu.	The cost of living is rising.	troškovi	0	0
Najbolji način da izgubiš kilažu je da manje jedeš i više vežbaš.	The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.	vežbaš	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	štampa	0	0
Било је вруће у сваком смислу те речи.	It was hot in every sense of the word.	сваком	0	0
Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	matematika	0	0
Koliko ste očajni?	How desperate are you?	očajni	0	0
Tom je govorio o muzici.	Tom talked about music.	muzici	0	0
Možeš izbeći mnogo problema ako samo uradiš kako valja već iz prvog puta.	You can save yourself a lot of trouble by just doing it right the first time.	izbeći	0	0
Čoveče, da rečenica je izazvala pravu pometnju.	Boy, that sentence sure caused a kerfuffle.	izazvala	0	0
Obriši usne salvetom.	Clean your lips with the napkin.	obriši	0	0
Došlo je niotkuda.	It came out of nowhere.	niotkuda	0	0
Почните, господо.	Get started, gentlemen.	господо	0	0
Trenirao sam mesecima.	I've trained for months.	trenirao	0	0
Imamo četiri časa francuskog svake nedelje.	We have four French classes a week.	francuskog	0	0
Trebalo bi da nabaviš novi auto sada.	You should get yourself a new car now.	nabaviš	0	0
Mačka je ležala ispružena celom dužinom na sunčevoj svetlosti koja je prodirala kroz prozor.	The cat was lying stretched out at full length in the sunlight streaming through the window.	ležala	0	0
Toma je bio besan kao ris.	Tom began to feel hot under the collar.	ris	0	0
Policija je privela nekoliko osumnjičenih na ispitivanje.	The police detained several suspects for questioning.	osumnjičenih	0	0
Kompas pokazuje na sever.	Compasses point north.	kompas	0	0
Govori će se baviti problemom zagađenja.	The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.	problemom	0	0
Да ли волиш киш?	Do you like quiche?	волиш	0	0
Tom je kupovao vreme.	Tom was playing for time.	kupovao	0	0
То је оружје.	It's a weapon.	оружје	0	0
Занимало ме је да видим шта је у соби.	I was curious to see what was in the room.	соби	0	0
Tom je diplomirao.	Tom graduated.	diplomirao	0	0
Nabavite sve.	Get everything.	nabavite	0	0
Pokupi Toma da pođemo.	Get Tom to leave.	pođemo	0	0
Nova grana ka Haugesundu će postati glavna efektivna putna veza ka Oslu i Istočnoj Norveškoj za ceo zapadni region.	A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.	istočnoj	0	0
Да ли ти је дечко овде?	Is your boyfriend here?	дечко	0	0
Jesi li ikad dobio kaznu za brzu vožnju?	Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket?	brzu	0	0
Članovi Unije će danas glasati da li da sprovedu industrijske mere.	Union members will vote today on whether to take industrial action.	glasati	0	0
Tom je sedeo na klupi celi dan, pišući razglednice.	Tom sat on the beach all day, writing postcards.	klupi	0	0
Очигледно, била сам превише оптимистична.	Clearly, I was overly optimistic.	очигледно	0	0
Ona predstavlja problem većim nego što jeste.	She is making a mountain out of a molehill.	većim	0	0
Чекај испред.	Wait outside.	испред	0	0
Opet buljiš u TV umesto da radiš svoj domaći zadatak!	You're watching the idiot box again instead of doing your homework!	buljiš	0	0
Ti si moja inspiracija.	You're my inspiration.	inspiracija	0	0
Kuća je izgorela do temelja pre nego što su stigli vatrogasci.	The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.	vatrogasci	0	0
Drago mi je da ste odgovorili.	I'm glad you replied.	odgovorili	0	0
Мислим да смо нашли једног.	I think we've found one.	нашли	0	0
U agenciji za sprovođenje zakona sam.	I'm in law enforcement.	agenciji	0	0
Nemoj da guraš.	Don't push.	guraš	0	0
Problematična deca su često bez bilo kakvog osećaja krivice.	Troubled children often lack any sense of guilt.	osećaja	0	0
Uvek držim prozor otvorenim dok spavam.	I always leave the window open while I sleep.	otvorenim	0	0
Да ли Том жели децу?	Does Tom want kids?	децу	0	0
Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	gradove	0	0
Bio sam na mnogo tuči jastukom tokom moje školske ekskurzije.	I had a lot of pillow fights during my school trip.	školske	0	0
Put do muškog srca vodi preko stomaka.	The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.	stomaka	0	0
Svet je bio nasamom rubu nuklearnog rata tokom Kubanske raketne krize oktobra 1962.	The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.	oktobra	0	0
Pomalo me je iznenadilo.	It kind of surprised me.	iznenadilo	0	0
Daj da ponovim to.	Let me say that again.	ponovim	0	0
Svi su se okrenuli.	Everyone turned around.	okrenuli	0	0
Njihova dobra su najboljeg kvaliteta.	Their goods are of the highest quality.	kvaliteta	0	0
Tom je kupio par crnih cipela.	Tom bought a pair of black leather shoes.	crnih	0	0
Можда ћеш једног дана да разумеш.	Maybe someday you'll understand.	разумеш	0	0
Не изгледаш много уморно.	You don't seem very tired.	изгледаш	0	0
Како год кажете.	Whatever you say.	кажете	0	0
Pogodilo se da sam u pravu.	I happened to be right.	pogodilo	0	0
Tom čuva dovoljno novca zabodenog u čarapi za vožnju taksijem do kuće kada izlazi da pije.	Tom keeps enough money for a taxi fare home tucked in his sock when he goes out drinking.	taksijem	0	0
Učestvovao sam na konkursu.	I took part in the contest.	učestvovao	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	metod	0	0
Нисам мислио да ће га Том узети.	I didn't think Tom would get it.	узети	0	0
Oko čega sva ova zbrka?	What's this commotion all about?	zbrka	0	0
Hoću da Tom ode do podneva.	I want Tom gone by noon.	podneva	0	0
Policija je odbacila mogućnost samoubistva.	The police have ruled out suicide.	samoubistva	0	0
Nakon dugog razmatranja, na kraju sam nasumice pravio stvari.	After long reflection, I decided to take things as they come.	dugog	0	0
Moramo da naučimo celu pesmu napamet.	We have to learn the whole poem by heart.	napamet	0	0
Moj otac uvek čita novine pre doručka.	My father always reads the newspaper before breakfast.	doručka	0	0
Tom će da odustane.	Tom'll quit.	odustane	0	0
Ako želiš da razgovaraš sa mnogo ljudi, treba da naučiš Esperanto. Zašto ovaj jezik? Jer je istovremeno lep i stimuliše naše učenje. Međunarodni jezik je veoma važan jer ima tako mnogo ljudi iz različitih zemalja širom sveta. Uostalom, Esperanto nije samo koristan već i lak za učenje. Ako naučiš Esperanto, možeš da putuješ mnogim zemljama. Dođi i nauči!	If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!	putuješ	0	0
Tom je usvojio rusku rečenicu.	Tom adopted a Russian sentence.	rečenicu	0	0
Изгубио сам се. Можеш ли да ми помогнеш?	I'm lost. Can you help me?	изгубио	0	0
Да ли Том игра бејзбол?	Does Tom play volleyball?	игра	0	0
Nije lako slagati se sa Tomom.	Tom isn't an easy guy to get along with.	slagati	0	0
Da li i dalje snimaju audio-kasete?	Do they still make cassette tapes?	snimaju	0	0
Ne skači!	Don't jump!	skači	0	0
Ljudi su nekada pisali knjige kucaćim mašinama.	People used to write books using typewriters.	pisali	0	0
Ovakvi projekti se nikada ne završe.	Such projects are never finished.	ovakvi	0	0
Moramo da postanemo bolji.	We've got to do better.	postanemo	0	0
Узео сам још један гутљај.	I took another sip.	узео	0	0
On ima dosta para, čak i višak.	He has money enough and to spare.	višak	0	0
Velike devojčice ne plaču.	Big girls don't cry.	plaču	0	0
Није било другог избора осим да седимо и чекамо.	There was no choice but to sit and wait.	другог	0	0
Meri se osetila povređenom kada se njena deca nisu mogla potruditi da je kontaktiraju za osmi mart.	Mary was hurt when her children didn't even bother to contact her for Mother's Day.	mart	0	0
Bila sam prisutna u školi juče.	I was present at school yesterday.	prisutna	0	0
Не свиша ми се тон твог гласа.	I don't like the tone of your voice.	твог	0	0
Važna osobina čelika je njegova jačina.	An important quality of steel is its strength.	čelika	0	0
Taman sam krenuo da ti predložim da uradiš to.	I was just going to suggest that you do that.	predložim	0	0
Predlažemo da se kvalitet vode proverava jednom godišnje u cevima, dvaput u bunaru.	We recommend that mains water have a water-quality test carried out once a year, well water twice a year.	proverava	0	0
Bio sam vrlo zainteresovan da učestvujem u izgradnji intezivnijeg akademskog plana za programiranje.	I was very interested in taking part in building a stronger academic curriculum regarding programming.	učestvujem	0	0
Danas sam kupio pakovanje olovaka.	I bought a dozen pencils today.	pakovanje	0	0
Možda su se predali.	Maybe they've given up.	predali	0	0
Tim iz obezbeđenja je proverio ima li eksploziva u automobilu.	The security team checked the car for explosives.	automobilu	0	0
Tom je morao da ponovo napiše sastav.	Tom had to rewrite his essay.	sastav	0	0
Stvorena si za mene.	You were meant for me.	stvorena	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	prostitutke	0	0
Poznaješ li nekoga ko je položio prošlogodišnji ispit?	Do you know anybody who passed last year's exam?	položio	0	0
Tom nas je zabavljao.	Tom kept us entertained.	zabavljao	0	0
To je treći grad, po veličini, u Srbiji.	It's the third biggest city in Serbia.	veličini	0	0
Otišao sam tamo svojom voljom.	I went there on my own free will.	voljom	0	0
Neke kornjače su živele preko 100 godina.	Some turtles have lived more than 100 years.	kornjače	0	0
Soba je bila mračna.	The room was dark.	mračna	0	0
Ovo nije za pregovore.	This is not negotiable.	pregovore	0	0
Lakše će biti da sam to uradiš nego da probaš da nateraš Toma da uradi to.	It'll be easier to do that yourself than to try to convince Tom to do it.	nateraš	0	0
Da li ste umešani u ovo?	Are you involved in this?	umešani	0	0
Popravili smo neka oštećenja izazvana prskanjem kamenja na tvom automobili.	We have fixed some damage from rocks flying onto your car.	automobili	0	0
У мојим очима, Том је херој.	In my eyes, Tom is a hero.	мојим	0	0
Napravio sam mnogo glupih grešaka.	I made a lot of stupid mistakes.	glupih	0	0
Stvarno mi se sviđaš sa bradom.	I really like you with a beard.	bradom	0	0
Ova olovka ne radi.	This pen doesn't work.	olovka	0	0
Tom je u garaži, radi na svom motoru.	Tom is in the garage, working on his motorcycle.	motoru	0	0
Nepoznata joj je mržnja drugih.	Hating others is foreign to her.	nepoznata	0	0
Iznenađen sam što nisi znala da je Tom upao na Harvard.	I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom got into Harvard.	harvard	0	0
Tom je ostao da počisti.	Tom stayed to clean up.	počisti	0	0
Spavaća soba je na spratu.	The bedroom is upstairs.	spavaća	0	0
Напустите брод!	Abandon ship!	брод	0	0
Besplatna biblioteka Haskel i Opera haus sagrađeni su na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	The Haskell Free Library and Opera House was built on the border between Canada and the United States.	besplatna	0	0
Sudbina meša karte, a mi igramo.	Fate shuffles the cards; we play.	meša	0	0
Mini suknje su ponovo moderne.	Mini-skirts are back in fashion again.	moderne	0	0
Ја сам грађанин света.	I am a citizen of the world.	света	0	0
Pita koju je Tom napravio je bila ukusna.	The pie that Tom made was delicious.	ukusna	0	0
Mnogo sam žrtvovao da obrazujem moju ćerku.	I sacrificed a lot in order to educate my daughter.	žrtvovao	0	0
Danas sam kupio tuce olovaka.	I bought a dozen pencils today.	tuce	0	0
Pomažemo jedni drugima.	We help each other.	pomažemo	0	0
Sloboda govora je još uvek opasna u nekim državama.	Free speech is still dangerous in some countries.	državama	0	0
Nestrpljiv sam.	I'm impatient.	nestrpljiv	0	0
Možete da formatirate i podešavate tabelu za unakrsne proračune, ubacite i koristite obične tabele, dijagrame, formule i funkcije.	You can format and customize a worksheet, and insert and use tables, charts, formulas and functions.	ubacite	0	0
Ako želiš da razgovaraš sa mnogo ljudi, treba da naučiš Esperanto. Zašto ovaj jezik? Jer je istovremeno lep i stimuliše naše učenje. Međunarodni jezik je veoma važan jer ima tako mnogo ljudi iz različitih zemalja širom sveta. Uostalom, Esperanto nije samo koristan već i lak za učenje. Ako naučiš Esperanto, možeš da putuješ mnogim zemljama. Dođi i nauči!	If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!	međunarodni	0	0
Том је свима рекао да је усвојен.	Tom told everyone he was adopted.	свима	0	0
Šta misliš, koliko se dugo Tom spremao za ispit?	What do you think, how long has Tom been preparing for the exam?	spremao	0	0
Možeš da učiš, nezavisno od starosti.	You can learn, no matter your age.	starosti	0	0
Strašni su.	They're dreadful.	strašni	0	0
Taj elegantni pozlaćeni lančić sa srcima je ogrlica koja će "uzdrmati tvoj svet".	That elegant gold plated chain with hearts is a necklace that will "rock your world".	srcima	0	0
Vrata se zatvaraju.	The door is closing.	zatvaraju	0	0
Tom nije mnogo srećniji.	Tom isn't much happier.	srećniji	0	0
Зовем се Саша.	My name is Sascha.	зовем	0	0
Целом свету - добро вече, добро дан и добро јутро.	To the whole world - good night, good day and good morning.	вече	0	0
Том и Мери планирају да се венчају чим обоје заврше факултет.	Tom and Mary plan to get married as soon as they both graduate from college.	чим	0	0
Избукла сам пиштољ и почела да пуцам.	I pulled out my gun and began shooting.	пиштољ	0	0
Mislio sam da je patetično.	I thought it was pathetic.	patetično	0	0
Šta si zaključio?	What have you concluded?	zaključio	0	0
Bilo bi zbunjujuće.	It would be confusing.	zbunjujuće	0	0
Pozajmiću ti radnu svesku ako mi obećaš da nećeš ništa pisati po njoj.	I'll lend you my textbook if you promise not to write anything in it.	radnu	0	0
Uzeću pirinač za svoj kolaž.	I'm going to use rice for my collage.	pirinač	0	0
Прошло је скоро 30 година откако се завршио рат.	It's been almost 30 years since the war ended.	рат	0	0
Nećemo dozvoliti da umrete.	We won't let you die.	umrete	0	0
Остави га.	Leave him.	остави	0	0
Na šta ciljaš?	What are you driving at?	ciljaš	0	0
Nazdravlje!	Bless you.	nazdravlje	0	0
Vežbao sam.	I exercised.	vežbao	0	0
Том је умро у октобру.	Tom died in October.	умро	0	0
Prilično sam šokiran ovime.	I'm quite shocked by this.	šokiran	0	0
Ми смо породица.	We're a family.	породица	0	0
Питао сам Тома шта није у реду, али није обраћао пажњу на мене.	I asked Tom what was wrong, but he ignored me.	питао	0	0
Eva je dala Adamu jabuku znanja.	Eve gave Adam the apple of knowledge.	jabuku	0	0
Dok sam šetao ulicom kao sasvim običan pešak, ugledao sam mog prethodnika u limuzini.	While I was walking down the street as an ordinary pedestrian, I saw my predecessor in a limousine.	šetao	0	0
Nema razloga za paniku... još uvek.	There's no reason to panic... yet.	paniku	0	0
Limun je kiseo.	Lemon is sour.	limun	0	0
Добио сам позив од Тома.	I received a call from Tom.	позив	0	0
Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	eho	0	0
Ako ne namažeš kremu za ruke, osušiće ti se.	If you don't put on hand cream, your hands will get dry.	kremu	0	0
Komitet preporučuje da oni koji su se žalili treba da budu nadoknađeni sa proporcionalnim delom godišnje naknade sa kamatama.	The Committee recommended that those complaining should be reimbursed with a proportionate share of the annual fee with interest.	komitet	0	0
Trudimo se.	We're trying.	trudimo	0	0
Da li veruješ u večni život?	Do you believe in eternal life?	večni	0	0
Не сећам се баш зашто смо то урадили.	I don't really remember why we did that.	урадили	0	0
Besplatna biblioteka Haskel i Opera haus sagrađeni su na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	The Haskell Free Library and Opera House was built on the border between Canada and the United States.	biblioteka	0	0
Zašto si toliko paranoičan?	Why are you so paranoid?	paranoičan	0	0
Урадите то сами.	Do it yourself.	сами	0	0
Отићи ћу сутра у неко доба.	I'm going to leave sometime tomorrow.	отићи	0	0
Ležim i slušam direktni prenos sa demonstracija u Oslu.	I am listening to the live broadcast from the demonstration in Oslo while lying down.	ležim	0	0
Отишла сам у Томову собу да видим да ли спава.	I went to Tom's room to see if he was asleep.	собу	0	0
U skladu sa našim pravilima, svi učesnici moraju da pri inspekciji pokažu legitimaciju, registracione papire i licencu.	According to our rules, all participants must present a photo ID, registration papers and valid license for inspection.	pokažu	0	0
Kakav ovo ima značaj za tebe?	What does this mean for you?	značaj	0	0
Tom će se potruditi da stigne na vreme.	Tom will try to be there on time.	potruditi	0	0
Требало би да се вратим кући раније.	I should go home early.	вратим	0	0
Nešto je iskrslo.	Something came up.	iskrslo	0	0
Mašina za pranje suđa se pokvarila.	The dishwasher's broken.	pokvarila	0	0
Ko dođe, videće me.	Whoever comes will see me.	videće	0	0
Човек се учи док је жив.	Live and learn.	жив	0	0
Tom radi naporno da bi izdržao svoju porodicu.	Tom is working hard to support his family.	izdržao	0	0
Ona nosi zlatno lanče oko vrata.	She is wearing a gold necklace around her neck.	zlatno	0	0
Cigare koštaju dve Marke.	The cigars cost two Marks.	koštaju	0	0
Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	džozef	0	0
Mogu li da zamenim ovo?	Can I exchange this?	zamenim	0	0
Možeš li da pročitaš šta piše na tabli?	Can you read what's written on the blackboard?	tabli	0	0
Том је пристао да ме чека.	Tom was willing to wait for me.	чека	0	0
Možemo da iskoristimo resurse ovog ogromnog regiona tako što raspodelimo zadatke između sebe.	We can utilize the resources of this vast region by distributing tasks among ourselves.	resurse	0	0
U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	voća	0	0
On je likom pljunuti otac.	He resembles his father very much.	likom	0	0
Ne bi pomislio po njenom izgledu, ali priča o detetu koje je pojelo dve torte je iz njenog detinjstva.	You couldn't tell it by looking, but she has the legendary tale of having eaten two whole cakes when a child.	izgledu	0	0
Rizik je prevelik.	The risk is too great.	prevelik	0	0
Iscrpljena sam.	I'm wasted.	iscrpljena	0	0
Spustila sam poslužavnik na sto.	I set the tray down on the table.	spustila	0	0
Policija je zamolila kriminalca da preda svoj pištolj.	The police asked the criminal to give up his gun.	kriminalca	0	0
Tom se duplo parkirao.	Tom's double-parked.	parkirao	0	0
Jedina reč napisana na stranici bila je "žaba".	The only word written on the page was the word "frog."	stranici	0	0
Oni su takođe otkrili da se ista pogrešna procena napravila i u nekim drugim slučajevima.	They have also found that the same miscalculation was made in some other cases.	procena	0	0
Tom nije dobar pevač.	Tom isn't a good singer.	pevač	0	0
Хвала, друже!	Thanks, bud!	друже	0	0
Trebalo bi da znaš da ako jedeš zdravo, fizički si aktivan i ne pušiš tada možeš sprečiti 80% svih kardiovaskularnih bolesti, 90% dijabetesa tipa 2 i 30% karcinoma.	You should know that eating healthy, being physically active, and not smoking can prevent 80% of all cardiovascular disease, 90% of type 2 diabetes and 30% of cancers.	aktivan	0	0
Plivam u okeanu.	I'm swimming in the ocean.	okeanu	0	0
Stražar je napolju.	A guard is outside.	stražar	0	0
Крв није вода.	Blood is thicker than water.	крв	0	0
Нисам прочитао све његове књиге.	I haven't read all of his novels.	његове	0	0
Kakav koš Majkla Džordana!	What a basket by Michael Jordan!	koš	0	0
Пошто нисам имао шта да радим, одлучио сам да дремнем.	Having nothing to do, I decided to take a nap.	пошто	0	0
Imam puno toga planirano za sutra.	I have a lot of stuff planned for tomorrow.	planirano	0	0
Дао сам својој мајци црвену ружу.	I gave my mother a red rose.	својој	0	0
Znaće oni šta da rade.	They'll know what to do.	znaće	0	0
Zauzeo si mi mesto.	You are in my spot.	zauzeo	0	0
Том никад не би оженио неку као Мери.	Tom would never marry someone like Mary.	неку	0	0
Tom je strog ali fer.	Tom is strict but fair.	strog	0	0
Планирам да одем данас.	I plan to leave today.	одем	0	0
Da li se sada vraćate?	Are you going back now?	vraćate	0	0
Znanje nas oslobađa i čini nas boljim ljudima.	Knowledge sets us free and makes us better people.	oslobađa	0	0
Хоћу да причам о школи.	I want to talk about school.	причам	0	0
Mnogo turista poseti Stari Grad svake godine.	Many tourists visit the Old City every year.	turista	0	0
Гледај.	Behold.	гледај	0	0
Tom je tek prvak.	Tom is only a freshman.	prvak	0	0
Да ли имаш нека питања у вези са данашњом лекцијом?	Do you have any questions regarding today's lesson?	питања	0	0
Pronašli smo otiske stopala u pesku.	We found the footprints in the sand.	pesku	0	0
Da li bi želio da ideš jahati na konju?	Would you like to go horseback riding?	jahati	0	0
Хоћеш ли ми то учинити?	Will you do it for me?	учинити	0	0
Боже драги!	Good God!	драги	0	0
Poslužite se.	Help yourself.	poslužite	0	0
Moja šaka je dodirnula njenu.	My hand came into contact with her hand.	šaka	0	0
Наставили су да причају иако сам их замолио да престану.	They kept talking even though I asked them to stop.	иако	0	0
Upalio je baklju pre nego što je ušao u pećinu.	He had lit the torch before he entered the cave.	upalio	0	0
Neću prepustiti ovo.	I'm not giving this up.	prepustiti	0	0
Њој је лако повредити осећања.	Her feelings are easily hurt.	њој	0	0
Karolina je tužna, jer ne može da zatrudni.	Carolina is sad because she cannot conceive.	karolina	0	0
Ekser je probušio gumu.	A nail punctured the tire.	gumu	0	0
Tom i Marija su zajedno skočili sa Preikestolna sa padobranom. To je bilo kratak, ali magični doživljaj.	Tom and Mary once jumped together from Pulpit Rock with a parachute. It was a short but magical experience.	magični	0	0
Imaš li omiljenu?	Do you have a favorite?	omiljenu	0	0
Ми смо брат и сестра.	We are brother and sister.	сестра	0	0
Надамо се да ће Том остати овде неколико дана.	We hope that Tom stays here for a few days.	остати	0	0
Da li si oprao suđe?	Have you washed the dishes?	oprao	0	0
Mislim da je ovo početak jednog divnog prijateljstva.	I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.	divnog	0	0
Možeš da popričaš sa Tomom.	You could talk to Tom.	popričaš	0	0
Dođi ranije da bismo mogli da razgovaramo o planovima.	Come early so we can discuss the plans.	planovima	0	0
Tom je nameravao da pita svog šefa za povišicu, ali je promenio mišljenje.	Tom intended to ask his boss for a raise, but he reconsidered.	povišicu	0	0
On je pre bio član društvene elite, nego predstavnik širokih masa.	He was a member of a social elite rather than the masses.	društvene	0	0
Dobijam preko dvesta mejlova na dan.	I get more than two hundred emails a day.	dvesta	0	0
Stavio je pavlaku u špagete.	He put sour cream in the spaghetti.	špagete	0	0
Ja sam veliki obožavatelj fudbala.	I'm a big football fan.	obožavatelj	0	0
Kada mu je bilo šest godina naučio je da kuca na pisaćoj mašini, i rekao je učitelju da ne treba da uči da piše rukom.	At the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand.	mašini	0	0
Ne bulji.	Don't stare.	bulji	0	0
Parovi u vezi na daljinu znaju da rizikuju - a da ne spominjemo žrtvovanja na koja su primorani.	Couples in long distance relationship know that they run a risk - not to mention the sacrifices they have to make.	parovi	0	0
Pokrij usta dok kašlješ, kijaš ili zevaš.	Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.	pokrij	0	0
Чујеш ли ти нешто?	Do you hear something?	чујеш	0	0
Tom je kupio VIP kartu.	Tom bought a VIP pass.	vip	0	0
Kamion za čišćenje snega je pokušavao da održava autoput u blizini Osla bez snega u četvrtak ujutru.	A snowplow tried to keep the highway near Oslo free of snow on Thursday morning.	autoput	0	0
Nahrani me, molim te.	Feed me, please.	nahrani	0	0
Иако су Том и Мери ишли у исту школу, никад нису причали док обоје нису зашли у тридесете.	Even though Tom and Mary went to the same high school, they never talked to each other until they were both in their thirties.	обоје	0	0
Чучнула сам испод прозора.	I crouched beneath the window.	испод	0	0
Parkiran sam pozadi.	I'm parked around back.	parkiran	0	0
Slikaj ovo.	Get a picture of this.	slikaj	0	0
Sve je prestalo.	Everything stopped.	prestalo	0	0
Tom više ne voli Mariju.	Also Tom doesn't love Mary anymore.	mariju	0	0
Neki od mojih manje inteligentnih prijatelja puše.	Some of my less intelligent friends smoke.	puše	0	0
Где има траве, нема воде. Где има воде, нема траве.	Where there is grass, there is no water. Where there is water, there is no grass.	воде	0	0
Ona je lovac na vampire.	She's a vampire hunter.	vampire	0	0
Увек постоје себични људи који све руше.	There are always selfish people to ruin everything.	постоје	0	0
Možda je grize savest.	Maybe she has a bad conscience.	grize	0	0
Доктор је казао да не може да помогне Тому.	The doctor said that he can't help Tom.	доктор	0	0
Пошаљи ми поруку.	Text me.	поруку	0	0
Tom ima svakakve probleme.	Tom has all kinds of problems.	svakakve	0	0
Kuća je izgorela do temelja pre nego što su stigli vatrogasci.	The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.	temelja	0	0
Tom je pisao po zemlji štapom.	Tom wrote on the ground with a stick.	štapom	0	0
Tom je angažovao privatnog detektiva da prati Meri.	Tom hired a private detective to follow Mary.	privatnog	0	0
Jesi li ikad pojeo morskog ježa?	Have you ever eaten sea urchin?	morskog	0	0
Kakav jogurt najviše voliš?	What kind of yogurt do you like best?	jogurt	0	0
Мислим да сви треба да буду овде сутра.	I think everyone needs to be here tomorrow.	буду	0	0
Pre tri dana su sve pumpe i alarmni sistemi otkazali, i velika količina vode je prodrla u oslofjordski tunel.	All pumps and alarm systems failed, and large amounts of water flooded into the Oslofjord Tunnel three days ago.	pumpe	0	0
Treba da donesemo još jednu flašu vina.	We should bring another bottle of wine.	donesemo	0	0
Јеси ли за неко пиће?	Would you like something to drink?	пиће	0	0
Možda su odustali.	Maybe they've given up.	odustali	0	0
Tretiraju me kao da sam dete.	They are treating me like a child.	tretiraju	0	0
Ta je veoma retka.	That one is very rare.	retka	0	0
Jesam li osumnjičen?	Am I a suspect?	osumnjičen	0	0
Mama će nam kupiti štene.	Mom will buy us a puppy.	štene	0	0
Rastali smo se na ćošku.	We parted at the corner.	ćošku	0	0
Uređaj koristite dok vas ne upozori da napunite bateriju i onda je punite 5 sati da bi postigli maksimalni kapacitet.	Use the device until it warns you to charge the battery and then charge it for 5 hours to reach the maximum capacity.	upozori	0	0
Meri je katolik, ali njen dečko je ateista.	Mary is Catholic, but her boyfriend is an atheist.	katolik	0	0
Reagovao sam instiktivno.	I reacted instinctively.	reagovao	0	0
Moramo da zamenimo ovaj tepih koji su izjeli moljci.	We must replace this moth-eaten carpet.	zamenimo	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	upoznavanje	0	0
Том често користи ту реч.	Tom uses that word a lot.	користи	0	0
Da bi se zvuk prostirao treba mu materija, ali kosmičkom šumu ili elektromagnetskom zračenju to nije potrebno.	Sound needs matter to propagate through. However, cosmic noise and electromagnetic waves don't.	materija	0	0
Uvek ću pamtiti tvoj savet.	I'll always remember your advice.	pamtiti	0	0
Možeš li da pogodiš šta imam ovde?	Can you guess what I have here?	pogodiš	0	0
Onesvestila sam se.	I fainted.	onesvestila	0	0
Немам жељу да живим у великом граду.	I have no wish to live in a large city.	граду	0	0
Naseci sir na tanke parčiće ili na male kocke.	Cut the cheese into thin slices or into little cubes.	kocke	0	0
Ma koliko da je Tom zauzet, nikad ne zaboravlja da napiše mejl svojoj majci barem jednom nedeljno.	No matter how busy Tom gets, he never forgets to write an email to his mother at least once a week.	zaboravlja	0	0
U gradovima, ograničenje brzine je 50 kilometara na sat.	In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.	gradovima	0	0
Da li bi te prepoznali?	Would they recognize you?	prepoznali	0	0
Mogla je da odgovori na sva postavljena pitanja.	She was able to answer whatever was asked.	postavljena	0	0
Čudno je što poštar još nije došao.	It's weird that the mailman hasn't come yet.	poštar	0	0
Nezgodu je snimio posmatrač.	The incident happened to be captured on video by a bystander.	nezgodu	0	0
Tom je političar koji mora da se pripremi da proguta mnogo toga što je ranije rekao.	Tom is a politician who must be prepared to swallow a lot of the words he said earlier.	političar	0	0
Зар нисте добили моје писмо?	Didn't you get my letter?	добили	0	0
Da li si muzičar?	Are you a musician?	muzičar	0	0
Upucala sam medveda.	I shot a bear.	upucala	0	0
Veoma je verovatno da je FIFA trula do srži.	It's quite likely that FIFA is rotten to the core.	srži	0	0
Кажи нешто смешно.	Say something funny.	смешно	0	0
Dalek je put od zavisnosti od nafte do društva zasnovanog na obnovljivoj energiji.	There is a long way from oil dependence to a renewable energy society.	zavisnosti	0	0
Да ли се Тому допао било који од ових?	Did Tom like any of those?	ових	0	0
Дајте отказ.	Quit.	дајте	0	0
Kompanije koje provode više vremena i novca na alatima za razvoj, imaju veću produktivnost i veću prodaju.	Companies that spend more time and money on development tools have higher productivity and sell more.	provode	0	0
Неко је звао.	Somebody called.	звао	0	0
Tom je spremio omlet.	Tom made an omelet.	omlet	0	0
Prvi korak je najteži.	The first step is the hardest.	najteži	0	0
Nemoj da olako donosiš zaključke.	Do not draw hasty conclusions.	olako	0	0
Nastavnica nam je objasnila šta je pesnik hteo da kaže.	The teacher explained to us the meaning of the poem.	objasnila	0	0
Volela bih da probam ovo. Gde su kabine?	I'd like to try this on. Where are the fitting rooms?	kabine	0	0
Tomova je knjiga na vrhu Božićne prodaje knjiga, i teško da će je neka knjiga zbaciti sa položaja.	Tom's book is topping the Christmas sales of books, and hardly any book can put it off its game.	božićne	0	0
Kada je izbio požar, on je uveliko spavao.	When the fire broke out, he was fast asleep.	izbio	0	0
Ja sam beskućnik.	I'm homeless.	beskućnik	0	0
Šta krijete sada?	Where are you hiding now?	krijete	0	0
Tomu se dopadaju oba.	Tom likes them both.	dopadaju	0	0
Seniori treba da plate svoje kape i haljine.	Seniors need to pay for their caps and gowns.	kape	0	0
Том је покушао да глуми строгоћу.	Tom tried to act tough.	покушао	0	0
Zar ne bi trebalo da se spremaš za školu?	Shouldn't you be getting ready for school?	spremaš	0	0
Изгледа да не желиш нашу помоћ.	You don't seem to want our help.	нашу	0	0
Trebalo bi da se suočiš sa stvarnošću.	You should face up to the reality.	suočiš	0	0
On je inteligentan koliko i njegov brat.	He is as intelligent as his brother.	inteligentan	0	0
Ovo je bilo prefinjeno i oličeno u ličnosti tako čudnoj, krutoj i tvrdoglavoj da se malo ko usuđivao da blisko sarađuje sa njim.	This was refined and embodied in a personality so weird, rigid and stubborn that very few dared to closely work with him.	sarađuje	0	0
Mode zastarevaju i umiru.	Fashions grow old and die.	mode	0	0
Presvući ću se.	I'll change.	presvući	0	0
Канађанин сам и волим своју земљу.	I'm a Canadian and I love my country.	земљу	0	0
Bio je to veoma romantičan poljubac.	It was a very romantic kiss.	romantičan	0	0
То јој је кућа.	That is her house.	кућа	0	0
Немојте да пијете воду.	Don't drink the water.	немојте	0	0
Желиш ли још новца?	Do you want more money?	новца	0	0
Danas si užasno poranio.	You're here awfully early today.	poranio	0	0
Posrećilo nam se, zar ne?	We're lucky, aren't we?	posrećilo	0	0
Meseci sa najviše kiše su maj, juni, juli i avgust.	The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.	avgust	0	0
Boji se da se uplete u plaćanje velikih svoti.	He's afraid to involve himself in paying large sums.	plaćanje	0	0
Tom i Meri su zajedno gledali zalazak sunca.	Tom and Mary watched the sunset together.	zalazak	0	0
Ne zanima me koliko svrbi. Ne češaj se.	I don't care how much it itches. Don't scratch it.	svrbi	0	0
Nekad je cigara prosto cigara.	Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.	cigara	0	0
Tom je zamolio Meri da ga odveze do aerodroma.	Tom asked Mary to drive him to the airport.	odveze	0	0
Ови подаци су можда оштећени.	This data may be corrupted.	ови	0	0
FIFA se sastoji od 209 udruženja.	FIFA is composed of 209 member associations.	udruženja	0	0
Laž je otkrivena.	The lie has been revealed.	otkrivena	0	0
Izrael je veoma mala zemlja.	Israel is a very small country.	izrael	0	0
Korišćenje kondoma tokom vaginalnog i analnog odnosa, i u oralnom seksu je najbolja preventivna mera.	The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.	korišćenje	0	0
Мало ме боли глава цео дан.	I've had a slight headache all day.	боли	0	0
Impresionirana sam tobom.	I'm impressed with you.	impresionirana	0	0
"Učite iz svojih grešaka" i "Iskustvo je najbolji učitelj", kažu, ali na duge staze čak i najbolji učitelj pobesni, ako on ili ona ima previše da predaje u premalo vremena.	"Learn from your mistakes" and "Experience is the best teacher" they say, but in the long run even the best teacher gets mad, if he or she has too much to teach in too little time.	učite	0	0
Идите право.	Go straight.	идите	0	0
Зна ли Том шта желимо?	Does Tom know what we want?	желимо	0	0
Остали су упозорени.	The others need to be warned.	остали	0	0
Kome si u skorije vreme pomogla?	Who have you helped recently?	skorije	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	svetske	0	0
Могло би да буде.	Could be.	могло	0	0
Palim se na nju.	I have a hard-on for her.	palim	0	0
Ако сам спреман да преузмем ризик, не видим зашто би те било брига да ли ћу урадити то или не.	If I'm willing to take the risk, I don't see why you should care whether I do it or not.	урадити	0	0
Рећи ћу ти сада истину.	I'll tell you the truth now.	истину	0	0
Tokio je glavni grad Japana.	Tokyo is the capital of Japan.	japana	0	0
Oslobodila je pticu iz kaveza.	She set the bird free from the cage.	oslobodila	0	0
Tom je bio upravnik sve do 2010 kada je Marija preuzela vođstvo.	Tom was a manager until 2010, when Mary took over the lead.	vođstvo	0	0
Јел чисто?	Is it clean?	јел	0	0
Том је напустио Аустралију преко неколико месеци.	Tom left Australia a few months ago.	месеци	0	0
Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	infekcije	0	0
Sada je vreme za uživanje.	It's now time to relax.	uživanje	0	0
"Voliš li kostime?" "Mrzim kostime!"	"Do you like costumes?" "I hate costumes!"	kostime	0	0
Потпуно сам сигурна у то.	I'm absolutely sure of that.	сигурна	0	0
Ignoriši to.	Ignore that.	ignoriši	0	0
Хајдемо опет, момци.	Let's do it again, guys.	хајдемо	0	0
Neću se truditi da predvidim budućnost.	I won't try to predict the future.	truditi	0	0
Temperatura ovde je viša nego u Tokiju.	The temperature here is higher than that of Tokyo.	viša	0	0
Predvideo sam da će se ovo dogoditi pre više meseci.	I predicted this would happen months ago.	predvideo	0	0
Sviraš li neki muzički instrument?	Do you play a musical instrument?	muzički	0	0
Kako dirljivo!	How touching!	dirljivo	0	0
Prijateljstvo im se postepeno pretvaralo u ljubav.	Their friendship gradually turned into love.	postepeno	0	0
Ето је!	Here she is!	ето	0	0
Da li imate nešto da prijavite?	Do you have anything to report?	prijavite	0	0
Ти си јако лепа жена.	You're a very beautiful woman.	лепа	0	0
Izgleda mirno, ali u pozadini sve ide punom parom.	It seems quiet, but it is very busy in the background.	parom	0	0
Tom je mislio da sam slagala.	Tom thought I was lying.	slagala	0	0
Тома је луд за Маријом.	Tom is crazy about Mary.	луд	0	0
Sedmica ima sedam dana: ponedeljak, utorak, sreda, četvrtak, petak, subota i nedelja.	A week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.	sreda	0	0
Pretrpeli smo teške gubitke.	We've suffered heavy losses.	gubitke	0	0
Ускоро ћу моћи да говорим француски.	Soon, I'll be able to speak French.	говорим	0	0
Snažni vetrovi su sinoć odlomili mnogo grana sa stabala.	The strong winds knocked down a lot of tree branches last night.	snažni	0	0
Šta ste vas dve uradile?	What did you both do?	uradile	0	0
Tim iz obezbeđenja je proverio ima li eksploziva u automobilu.	The security team checked the car for explosives.	eksploziva	0	0
Na čiju inicijativu je ovo urađeno?	Who has initiated this?	čiju	0	0
Zatekao sam prazan kavez.	I found the cage empty.	zatekao	0	0
Остани са нама!	Stay with us.	остани	0	0
Tom kuva krompir da napravi salatu od krompira.	Tom is boiling the potatoes to make potato salad.	krompira	0	0
Planiranje treba da prepustite meni.	You should leave the planning to me.	prepustite	0	0
Moja je starija sestra vrlo talentovana da peva.	My older sister is a very talented singer.	talentovana	0	0
После игре, Том се вратио у свлачионицу не проговоривши ни речи ни са ким.	After the game, Tom went back to the locker room without speaking to anyone.	ким	0	0
Tom ima jak nemački akcenat.	Tom has a heavy German accent.	akcenat	0	0
Идем у Бостон да посетим пријатеља.	I'm going to Boston to visit a friend.	пријатеља	0	0
Tom je ugasio motor.	Tom shut off the engine.	ugasio	0	0
Postoji mnogo galaksija u svemiru.	There are many galaxies in the universe.	galaksija	0	0
Izgovara se ovako:	The pronunciation is as follows:	izgovara	0	0
Биле су мокре.	They were wet.	биле	0	0
Koga pokušavaš da prevariš?	Who are you trying to kid?	prevariš	0	0
Mašta je važnija od znanja. Znanje je ograničeno.	Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited.	važnija	0	0
On je šutnuo loptu u gol!	He kicked the ball into the goal.	šutnuo	0	0
Наш јахт клуб има десет чланова.	Our yacht club has ten members.	десет	0	0
Uređaj koristite dok vas ne upozori da napunite bateriju i onda je punite 5 sati da bi postigli maksimalni kapacitet.	Use the device until it warns you to charge the battery and then charge it for 5 hours to reach the maximum capacity.	napunite	0	0
Realno je.	It's real.	realno	0	0
Том нам је оставио нешто.	Tom left us something.	оставио	0	0
Potreban mi je dobar rečnik.	I need a good dictionary.	rečnik	0	0
Počeo sam da učim engleski kada mi je bilo dvanaest. Tada sam bio zainteresovan za jezike, ali ne u toj meri. Sada govorim engleski, francuski, špnaski i portugalski; dakle, vreme je da naučim latinski.	I began to study English when I was twelve years of age. At that time I was interested in languages, but not excessively so. Now I can speak English, French, Spanish and Portuguese; and so it is time to learn Latin.	latinski	0	0
Заљубио сам се у девојку из Бостона.	I fell in love with a girl from Boston.	девојку	0	0
Зовем се Џек.	My name is Jack.	џек	0	0
Tom ima infekciju oka.	Tom has an eye infection.	infekciju	0	0
Šta god uradiš, ne ostavljaj dasku dignutu na WC-u.	Whatever you do don't leave the lid up on the toilet!	dasku	0	0
Nisam specijalista.	I'm not a specialist.	specijalista	0	0
Tom voli da igra bilijar.	Tom wants to play billiards.	bilijar	0	0
Ne mogu da dočekam sutra.	I can't wait for tomorrow.	dočekam	0	0
Trebalo bi da promeniš smer.	You should change your major.	smer	0	0
Том је подигао Мери на исти начин на који мушкарац преноси своју младу преко прага и пољубио је у образ.	Tom picked Mary up the same way a man carries his new bride across the threshold and gave her a kiss on the cheek.	исти	0	0
Šta je ta stvar i tvojoj desnoj šaci?	What's that thing in your right hand?	šaci	0	0
Šta je to, mala maco? Želela bi malo krema?	What's that, little cat? Would you like some sour cream?	krema	0	0
Šta nosiš za maturu?	What are you wearing to graduation?	maturu	0	0
Već sam razmislila o tome.	I've already thought about that.	razmislila	0	0
Jedva da sam oka sklopio.	I barely slept a wink.	sklopio	0	0
Оставите ме на миру.	Leave me alone.	миру	0	0
Tom je protrljao magičnu lampu, i sto je odmah bio prekriven najukusnijim jelima.	Tom rubbed the magic lamp, and immediately the table was covered with delicious dishes.	prekriven	0	0
Tom nije mogao da dođe na žurku jer se razboleo.	Tom couldn't attend the party because he was sick.	razboleo	0	0
Da li ćeš ovo poslati kao poštanska pošiljka?	Are you going to send this by parcel post?	pošiljka	0	0
Будите сигурни да знате шта радите.	Be sure that you do know what to do.	сигурни	0	0
Policija je ubedila kriminalca da preda svoje oružje.	The police persuaded the criminal to surrender his weapon.	ubedila	0	0
Odgovor na ovo pitanje je prost.	The answer to this question is simple.	prost	0	0
Направио сам први корак.	I took the first step.	направио	0	0
Идите брже.	Go faster.	брже	0	0
Dr Džekson ima dobar odnos prema pacijentu.	Dr. Jackson has a good bedside manner.	pacijentu	0	0
Tom mrzi da bude ostavljen sam.	Tom hates being left alone.	ostavljen	0	0
Zbog lošeg vremena, avion je kasnio.	Due to bad weather, the plane was late.	kasnio	0	0
Možete pomoći razvoju tatoebe samo na svom maternjem jeziku.	You must contribute to Tatoeba only in your mother tongue.	razvoju	0	0
Stoji na sceni ukočen kao kolac.	He stands stiff as a poker on the stage.	kolac	0	0
Tom je skinuo periku.	Tom pulled off his wig.	periku	0	0
Donekle si u pravu.	You are right in a way.	donekle	0	0
Dobro me plaćate.	You pay me well enough.	plaćate	0	0
Том је јуче купио ово поврће.	Tom bought these vegetables yesterday.	јуче	0	0
Зашто људи иду у биоскопе?	Why do people go to the movies?	иду	0	0
Pomalo podsećaš na Toma.	You kind of look like Tom.	podsećaš	0	0
Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	zajedničku	0	0
Коначно сам побегла.	I finally escaped.	коначно	0	0
U detinjstvu, mnogi nasilni kriminalci su bezobzirno mučili životinje.	In childhood, many violent criminals wantonly mistreated animals.	mučili	0	0
Rezultati su bili neverovatni.	The results were amazing.	neverovatni	0	0
Koliko pari čarapa imaš?	How many pairs of socks do you have?	čarapa	0	0
Italija nije Grčka.	Italy isn't Greece.	italija	0	0
Кажи ми куда идемо.	Tell me where we're going.	куда	0	0
Izaberite jedno ili drugo.	Choose either one or the other.	izaberite	0	0
Мислим да си ту поруку послао погрешној особи.	I think you sent that message to the wrong person.	послао	0	0
Nikad više neću spomenuti ovo.	I won't ever mention this again.	spomenuti	0	0
Ušlo mi je u naviku da radim to.	It's what I'm used to doing.	ušlo	0	0
Tom je sedeo na travi ispod kokosovog drveta.	Tom sat on the grass under a coconut tree.	travi	0	0
Da li misliš da bi Tom hteo da ide sa nama na kampovanje sledećeg vikenda?	Do you think that Tom would like to go camping with us next weekend?	kampovanje	0	0
Том је почео.	Tom began.	почео	0	0
Волим да бојим.	I like to paint.	бојим	0	0
Bolje je živeti jedan dan kao lav nego sto godina kao ovca.	It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.	ovca	0	0
Posle tišine, ono što najbolje može izraziti neizrecivo je muzika.	After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.	tišine	0	0
On ima dubok glas.	He has a deep voice.	dubok	0	0
Tom je pojačao grejanje.	Tom turned up the heat.	grejanje	0	0
Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	umeo	0	0
Dogodila se nova snežna lavina na putu u Ećeskaretu u Oda opštini u Hordalandu u utorak uveče i nije poznato da li je neko zarobljen u lavini.	There was another avalanche on the road to Ekkjeskaret in Odda municipality in Hordaland on Tuesday night. It is unknown whether anyone was caught in the avalanche.	oda	0	0
Mislim da je Tom bistar.	I think Tom is bright.	bistar	0	0
Ljudi koji krše zakon bivaju kažnjeni.	People who break the law are punished.	kažnjeni	0	0
Šolja kafe mi je razbistrila glavu.	A cup of coffee cleared my head.	šolja	0	0
Том ми је муж, а ја сам му жена.	Tom is my husband, and I am his wife.	муж	0	0
Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	obrazovanja	0	0
Sve vidiš u crnim bojama.	You see everything in black colours.	bojama	0	0
Mislio sam da je šokantno.	I thought it was shocking.	šokantno	0	0
Tom i Marija se razlikuju kao nebo i zemlja.	Tom and Mary are as different as night and day.	razlikuju	0	0
Sedeli su na travi, svirali ukulele i pevali.	They sat on the grass, playing ukulele and singing.	svirali	0	0
Odmorimo se na pet minuta.	Let's rest for five minutes.	odmorimo	0	0
Ко га нађе - његово!	Finders keepers!	његово	0	0
Firma je propala zbog nedostatka kapitala.	The firm went under due to lack of capital.	nedostatka	0	0
Da li si nekada video NLO?	Have you ever seen a UFO?	nlo	0	0
Kažnjena sam.	I'm grounded.	kažnjena	0	0
Убица!	Murderer!	убица	0	0
Желим да разговарам са тобом о томе.	I want to talk to you about it.	разговарам	0	0
Nova grana ka Haugesundu će postati glavna efektivna putna veza ka Oslu i Istočnoj Norveškoj za ceo zapadni region.	A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.	zapadni	0	0
Имам састанак са директором за пар минута.	I have a meeting with the director in a few minutes.	састанак	0	0
Pošto što su te novine bile pisale o tome da ni jedan zemljoradnik ne želi da radi kao zakupac u Vestfoldu, interesovanje je naglo poraslo.	After that newspaper wrote that no farmer wanted to work as a tenant in Vestfold, interest has skyrocketed.	interesovanje	0	0
Opušten sam.	I'm relaxed.	opušten	0	0
Свим стварима дође крај.	All things must pass.	свим	0	0
Ova stolica je napravljena u Australiji.	This chair was made in Australia.	australiji	0	0
Како ћемо знати да ли смо то урадили како треба?	How will we know if we've done it right?	знати	0	0
Том је невероватно озбиљан.	Tom is incredibly curious.	невероватно	0	0
Какво дивно изненађење!	What a lovely surprise!	дивно	0	0
Mnogi jezici eumefizmima opisuju smrt i umiranje.	Most languages have euphemistic expressions to describe death and dying.	umiranje	0	0
Mogu li da platim karticom?	Can I pay by credit card?	karticom	0	0
Било је вруће током целе недеље.	It's been warm all week.	током	0	0
Отишла сам у полицијску станицу.	I went to the police station.	отишла	0	0
Није баш тако страшно.	It's not all that bad.	страшно	0	0
U koje mesto si putovala najviše?	What place have you traveled to the most?	putovala	0	0
Sastanak je trajao sat vremena.	The meeting lasted one hour.	trajao	0	0
Zašto ne svratiš nekad?	Why don't you drop around sometime?	svratiš	0	0
Oni su mi bili jedan od omiljenih bendova u srednjoj školi.	They were one of my favorite bands in high school.	omiljenih	0	0
Том је пробао да се убије тако што је слупао ауто о зид.	Tom tried to kill himself by crashing his car into a wall.	убије	0	0
Ovo će nam mnogo olakšati psoao.	This will make our job a lot easier.	olakšati	0	0
Tom još ne ume ni da napiše sopstveno ime.	Tom can't even write his own name yet.	sopstveno	0	0
Nemoguće je reći sa sigurnošću.	It's impossible to tell for certain.	sigurnošću	0	0
Сви су знали да је Томов француски добар.	Everyone knew that Tom's French was good.	знали	0	0
Danas je brod bio iznad Srednjeatlanskog Grebena - planinskog venca koji se nalazi na dnu okeana, na dubinama do 4500 metara.	Today, the ship remained over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge - a mountain range located on the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 3 miles.	grebena	0	0
Vremenska prognoza kaže da će sutra popodne da pada kiša.	The weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon.	vremenska	0	0
Želimo kompletne rečenice.	We want complete sentences.	rečenice	0	0
Bolje da se spremimo.	We'd better get ready.	spremimo	0	0
Tom mrzi strance.	Tom hates foreigners.	strance	0	0
Ono što sam videla je bilo depresivno.	What I saw was depressing.	depresivno	0	0
On ima velike ambicije, ali svi treba da pratimo i vidimo da li će se ti snovi ispuniti.	He has great ambitions, but we should all follow the series and see if the dreams will be fulfilled.	ambicije	0	0
Tom puni trinaest godina.	Tom is turning thirteen.	trinaest	0	0
Dugo je prošlo otkad sam ikome poslao pismo.	It's been a long time since I've written anyone a letter.	ikome	0	0
Meri se vratila iz škole u suzama jer su je drugari zadirkivali.	Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.	suzama	0	0
Pregazi preko bilo kakve prepreke sa ovim čudovištem od kamiona!	Run over any obstacle with this monster truck!	prepreke	0	0
Tom je spremio vegetarijanski čili.	Tom made vegetarian chili.	čili	0	0
Све што сте чули је тачно.	Everything you've heard is correct.	чули	0	0
Ministar je bio uhvaćen da je lagao pri istraživanju korupcije te je bio primoran da da otkaz.	The minister was caught lying to the corruption enquiry and was forced to resign.	istraživanju	0	0
Ako se period iznajmljivanja produži izvan ugovorenog perioda, obračunaće se proporcionalni dodatak kirije.	If the rental period is extended beyond the agreed period, a prorated rent shall be calculated.	produži	0	0
Ovo je početak jedne nove ere.	This is the beginning of a new era.	ere	0	0
"Koliko imaš godina?" "Šesnaest."	"How old are you?" "Sixteen years old".	šesnaest	0	0
Pozitivna sam.	I'm positive.	pozitivna	0	0
Том је хтео да тражи помоћ од Мери.	Tom wanted to ask Mary for help.	тражи	0	0
Отвори паљбу!	Open fire!	отвори	0	0
Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	idejama	0	0
Чекај мој знак.	Wait for my signal.	знак	0	0
Već mi je plaćeno.	I've already been paid.	plaćeno	0	0
Морали смо да урадимо нешто.	We had to do something.	урадимо	0	0
Астробиологија је наука која проучава порекло живота на Земљи и могућност за живот у универзуму.	Astrobiology is the study of life’s origins on Earth and the potential for life in Universe.	земљи	0	0
Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	dnevne	0	0
Том се посвађао са неким синоћ после журке.	Tom got into a fight with someone after the party last night.	неким	0	0
Izgledalo mi je žuto.	It looked yellow to me.	žuto	0	0
On je bio častan čovek.	He was an honest man.	častan	0	0
Tom je izašao na binu.	Tom walked out on stage.	binu	0	0
Moja mati je Grkinja.	My mother is Greek.	mati	0	0
Korišćenje kondoma tokom vaginalnog i analnog odnosa, i u oralnom seksu je najbolja preventivna mera.	The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.	mera	0	0
Том жели да пита Мери да му помогне.	Tom wants to ask Mary for help.	помогне	0	0
Cigare koštaju dve Marke.	The cigars cost two Marks.	marke	0	0
Da li govoriš grčki?	Do you speak Greek?	grčki	0	0
Мрзим куглање.	I hate bowling.	мрзим	0	0
Istraži ovo.	Examine this.	istraži	0	0
Настави да пишеш.	Keep writing.	настави	0	0
Смири се.	Steady yourself.	смири	0	0
Можеш ли да нам покажеш другу собу?	Could you show us another room?	другу	0	0
Ти си вероватно једина особа која може да уради то.	You're likely the only person who can do that.	једина	0	0
Знала сам да се Том може вратити сваког трена.	I knew Tom could return at any moment.	сваког	0	0
Kako sam dospela ovde?	How did it get here?	dospela	0	0
Приложила сам документ који си тражио.	I've attached the document that you requested.	тражио	0	0
Obucite se.	Get dressed.	obucite	0	0
Можда ћемо морати да целу недељу проведемо у Бостону.	We might have to be in Boston all week.	целу	0	0
Radna grupa koja se bavi transferom podataka, vodjena od strane Bena Manija, će održati sastanak 14 januara 1999.	The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.	januara	0	0
Reci mi šta da pišem i napisaću.	Tell me what to write and I'll write it for you.	napisaću	0	0
Сан... Покушао сам да објасним Светом Петру, и учинио сам то на немачком језику, јер нисам желео да будем превише експлицитан.	A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn't want to be too explicit.	сан	0	0
Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	identifikovali	0	0
Да ли Том верује било коме?	Does Tom trust anyone?	коме	0	0
Dodajte još vode.	Add more water.	dodajte	0	0
Puno ih poštujemo.	We respect them a lot.	poštujemo	0	0
Деца су цвеће нашег живота.	Children are the flowers of our lives.	нашег	0	0
Долазе по нас.	They're coming for us.	долазе	0	0
Budućnost izgleda mračno za Edmond Dantesa, pošto je postao žrtva zavere, on je osuđen za izdaju i poslat doživotno u zatvor.	The future looked bleak for Edmond Dantes after he became the victim of a conspiracy, and he was convicted for treason and imprisoned for life.	doživotno	0	0
Oporavio sam se.	I recovered.	oporavio	0	0
Шта је друга?	What's the second one?	друга	0	0
Uhvaćena je na delu.	She was caught red handed.	uhvaćena	0	0
Tom je poštovani biznismen.	Tom is a respected businessman.	poštovani	0	0
Taj je veoma redak.	That one is very rare.	redak	0	0
Tom obećava Skotima brda i doline.	Tom promises the Scots the moon.	obećava	0	0
Стави га у ову кутију.	Put it in this box.	стави	0	0
Hodali smo po kiši.	We marched in the rain.	hodali	0	0
Važna osobina čelika je njegova jačina.	An important quality of steel is its strength.	osobina	0	0
Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	ličnog	0	0
Napravljen je video snimak intervjua i objavljen je širom interneta.	The interview was recorded on video and shared all over the Internet.	intervjua	0	0
Šta je ta crvena stvarčica?	What's that red stuff?	stvarčica	0	0
Не треба да будемо овде само данас. Треба да будемо овде и сутра.	It's not only today we have to be here. We have to be here tomorrow, too.	будемо	0	0
Ne sviđa mi se Tomov stil pisanja.	I don't like the way Tom writes.	pisanja	0	0
Ovde se pojave da uživaju uz fontanu sa ledom, pivom i korpom za izlet.	Here they show up to enjoy themselves by the fountain with ice, beer and picnic basket.	pivom	0	0
"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	fizičkog	0	0
Том је ухапшен и осуђен за убиство првог степена.	Tom was arrested and charged with first degree murder.	убиство	0	0
Заборави ме.	Forget me.	заборави	0	0
Postaraću se da Tom ima sve što mu treba.	I'll make sure Tom has everything he needs.	postaraću	0	0
Nemojte da se smejete.	Don't smile.	smejete	0	0
Emili i Melani su Engleskinje.	Emily and Melanie are English.	melani	0	0
Да ли те више боле ноге или руке?	Are you more sore feet or hands?	ноге	0	0
Tom zna da je beznadežno.	Tom knows it's hopeless.	beznadežno	0	0
Doktor ispituje pacijenta.	The doctor examines the patient.	ispituje	0	0
Planiranje treba da prepustiš meni.	You should leave the planning to me.	planiranje	0	0
Ne odgovaraj.	Don't respond.	odgovaraj	0	0
Ja sam samo glasnik.	I'm just the messenger.	glasnik	0	0
Moramo da se vratimo u formu.	We need to get back into shape.	formu	0	0
Povezanost između ličnosti i krvne grupe nije naučno potvrđena.	A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.	naučno	0	0
Ne mogu a da se ne osećam delimično odgovornim.	I can't help but feel partly responsible.	odgovornim	0	0
Sišla sam sa voza.	I got off the train.	sišla	0	0
Htele su da me kazne.	They wanted to punish me.	htele	0	0
Lažnjak je, zar ne?	It's a fake one, right?	lažnjak	0	0
Srčani udar često dolazi kao grom s plavog neba.	A heart attack often comes like lightning from a blue sky.	plavog	0	0
Девојка Пица и господин каша шетали су у шуми.	Miss Pizza and Mr Porridge were walking in the woods.	господин	0	0
Prevesti ili ne je moralni izbor prevodioca. Stvari nekad bolje zvuče ako ostanu takve kakve jesu u jeziku na kome su stvorene.	Whether to translate is a moral choice of the translator. Sometimes things are better to be left alone in the language which produced them.	zvuče	0	0
Какве бесмислице!	What nonsense!	какве	0	0
Пробаћу да нађем конкретан пример.	I'll try and find a specific example.	нађем	0	0
Svi učesnici su se okupili u glavnom holu.	All the participants gathered in the main hall.	holu	0	0
On je čovek snažne volje.	He is a man of strong will.	snažne	0	0
Doktori još uvek pokušavaju da spasu Toma.	The doctors are still trying to save Tom.	spasu	0	0
Želim da se osećam važnim.	I want to feel important.	važnim	0	0
Pitam se šta Tom smera da uradi.	I wonder what Tom is planning to do.	smera	0	0
Knjiga je koštala pet dolara.	The book costs five dollars.	koštala	0	0
Fraza "dva čoveka" će zameniti frazu "muškarac i žena" u predlogu izmene zakona ne bi li se legalizovao brak između osoba istog pola u Austrilaiji.	The phrase "two people" will replace "a man and a woman" in the proposed bill to legalise same-sex marriage in Australia.	fraza	0	0
Реците нешто.	Say something.	реците	0	0
Тебе ли сам јутрос видео са Томом испред поште?	Were you the one I saw with Tom in front of the post office this morning?	јутрос	0	0
On popravlja elektronske uređaje.	He repairs the electrical devices.	popravlja	0	0
Ne pogoršava se.	It's not getting worse.	pogoršava	0	0
Moraš da ležiš mirno.	You need to lie still.	ležiš	0	0
Ukrcavanje!	All aboard!	ukrcavanje	0	0
Lekove uglavnom ne treba mešati sa alkoholom.	Medication and alcohol often don't mix.	alkoholom	0	0
Пуно среће!	Break a leg!	среће	0	0
Докторка је куцала толико споро да сам пожелео да јој отмем тастатуру и откуцам параграф уместо ње.	The doctor was typing so slowly that I wanted to grab the keyboard from her and type out the paragraph myself.	уместо	0	0
У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	међу	0	0
Ko je čovek koji svira violinu?	Who's the man playing the violin?	violinu	0	0
Detektivi i dalje istražuju.	Detectives are still investigating.	istražuju	0	0
Karin je Austrijanka.	Karin is Austrian.	karin	0	0
Da li imaš nešto da prijaviš?	Do you have anything to report?	prijaviš	0	0
Нећете да урадите то, надам се.	You're not going to do it, I hope.	нећете	0	0
Begunac iz zatvora je brzo uhvaćen ponovo.	The prison escapee was quickly recaptured.	begunac	0	0
Strah je nedostatak samopouzdanja.	Fear is lack of confidence.	samopouzdanja	0	0
Možeš da svu robu šalješ poštom privatnim osobama i kompanijama.	You can use the post office to ship any goods to private individuals and companies.	osobama	0	0
Ako padne kiša, događaj će biti otkazan.	If it rains, the event will be canceled.	otkazan	0	0
Tom je stigao na vreme uprkos oluji.	Tom arrived on time in spite of the storm.	oluji	0	0
Mi mrzimo paukove.	We hate spiders.	mrzimo	0	0
Tom je pomogao Mariji da obuče kaput.	Tom helped Mary put her coat on.	obuče	0	0
Tom izgleda kao bankar.	Tom looks like a banker.	bankar	0	0
Koliko ću da primim?	How much will I receive?	primim	0	0
Том хоће д апотражи помоћ од Мери.	Tom wants to ask Mary for help.	д	0	0
Nemoj da si drzak.	Don't be presumptuous.	drzak	0	0
Radimo šta god poželimo.	We do anything we want.	poželimo	0	0
Najbolji roditelji od svih su oni koji dopuste svojoj deci da prate svoje urođene talente.	The best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.	talente	0	0
Ne treba da jedeš odmah pre nego što legneš da spavaš.	You shouldn't eat just before you go to bed.	legneš	0	0
Баш то се можда и деси.	That just might happen.	деси	0	0
Tom je zahtevao povećanje.	Tom put in for a raise.	povećanje	0	0
Реци "збогом".	Say goodbye.	збогом	0	0
Svi mi sviramo klavir.	All of us play the piano.	sviramo	0	0
Čovek snuje, Bog određuje.	Man proposes, God disposes.	određuje	0	0
Možeš da svu robu šalješ poštom privatnim osobama i kompanijama.	You can use the post office to ship any goods to private individuals and companies.	privatnim	0	0
Волела бих да ниси рекао Тому да ја знам како се то ради.	I wish you hadn't told Tom that I knew how to do that.	волела	0	0
Зна ли Томшта хоћемо?	Does Tom know what we want?	хоћемо	0	0
Возила која примичу једно другом се мимоилазе здесна.	Vehicles approaching pass each other on the right.	другом	0	0
On je jedan zločinac, znaš li to?	He is an evildoer, are you aware of that?	zločinac	0	0
Баш ми се свиђа ова врста музике.	I really like this kind of music.	врста	0	0
Тражим неког да ми помогне.	I'm looking for someone to help me.	тражим	0	0
Tom je nervozno dobovao prstima po stolu.	Tom drummed his fingers on the table nervously.	nervozno	0	0
Ponosan sam na svoju familiju.	I'm proud of my family.	familiju	0	0
Tom kaže da sam previše agresivan.	Tom says I'm too aggressive.	agresivan	0	0
Tom ima visoke moralne standarde.	Tom has high moral standards.	standarde	0	0
"Škoti su rekli ne odvajunju od Velike Britanije." - Ovo je rezultat ankete na dan izbora.	"The Scots say no to a separation from Great Britain." This is the result of a poll from the voting day.	britanije	0	0
Сва врата су била закључана.	All the doors were locked.	сва	0	0
"Mislim da je završenstvo ružno", rekao je. "Negde u stvarima koje ljudi prave želim da vidim ožiljke, neuspeh, nered, distorziju."	"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."	ožiljke	0	0
На одвојеној страни папира,опишите вашег пријатеља: године,где она или он живи, његов или њен посао итд.	On a separate sheet of paper, describe your best friend: age, where he or she lives, his or her job, etc.	вашег	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	ispunjena	0	0
Skrenite desno na sledećem uglu.	Turn right at the next corner.	skrenite	0	0
Izašao sam na pogrešnoj autobuskoj stanici.	I got off at the wrong bus stop.	pogrešnoj	0	0
Протерали смо га из земље.	We banished him from the country.	земље	0	0
Voleo bih da probam ovo. Gde je kabina?	I would like to try it. Where is the fitting room?	kabina	0	0
U čemu je razlika između imitacije i pravih dijamanata?	What is the difference between imitation and real diamonds?	dijamanata	0	0
Jelen je brži nego jači.	The deer is faster than it is strong.	jelen	0	0
Том и Мери су били заједно на око три месеца пре неколико година.	Tom and Mary dated each other for about three months a few years ago.	месеца	0	0
Turisti nisu bili srećni.	The tourists were not happy.	turisti	0	0
Slanje ovih pisama neće trajati dugo.	The sending of these letters won't take long.	slanje	0	0
Можете ли ово да спакујете посебно?	Could you please pack this separately?	посебно	0	0
Pomislih da sam izboden.	I thought I'd been stabbed.	pomislih	0	0
Novi ustav neće rešiti probleme Egipta.	The new constitution will not solve the problems of Egypt.	egipta	0	0
Sva trojica dečaka su se smejala.	All three boys laughed.	smejala	0	0
Uradiće to za nas.	They're going to do it for us.	uradiće	0	0
Njihovo prijateljstvo se brzo pretvorilo u ljubav.	Their friendship quickly turned into love.	pretvorilo	0	0
Зашто га ниси узео пре него што смо отишли?	Why didn't you grab it before we left?	отишли	0	0
Треба да опет урадиш то.	You should do that again.	урадиш	0	0
Покушавам да освојим њено срце.	I'm trying to conquer her heart.	покушавам	0	0
Smešne ste.	You're being ridiculous.	smešne	0	0
Manjak sna je uticao na pevačev učinak.	A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.	manjak	0	0
Da li imaš blog?	Do you have a blog?	blog	0	0
Kad mačke nema, miševi kolo vode.	When the cat's away, the mice will play.	miševi	0	0
Činiš Toma nervoznim.	You're making Tom nervous.	nervoznim	0	0
Добар осећај.	It feels good.	осећај	0	0
Том хоће да зна зашто Мери није урадила то.	Tom wants to know why Mary didn't do that.	урадила	0	0
Можда некад набавим неки такав.	Maybe I'll eventually get one of those.	такав	0	0
Snažna posvećnost životnoj sredini nije kompatibilna sa velikim investicijama u naftu i gas.	Strong commitment to the environment is not compatible with large investments in oil and gas.	naftu	0	0
Neki ljudi bez obzira u kom dobu su, ne gube svoju lepotu.	Some people, no matter how old they get, never lose their beauty.	dobu	0	0
Smisliću nešto.	I'll make something up.	smisliću	0	0
Vreme je da se oprostimo.	It's time to say goodbye.	oprostimo	0	0
Danas sam konačno skupio hrabrost da ti kažem da te volim.	Today I have finally mustered the courage to tell you I love you.	skupio	0	0
Povezanost između ličnosti i krvne grupe nije naučno potvrđena.	A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.	krvne	0	0
Била је прва која га је приметила.	She was the first one to notice him.	прва	0	0
Nemojte da se svađate.	Don't fight.	svađate	0	0
Mogu i zatvorenih očiju.	I can do it with my eyes closed.	zatvorenih	0	0
Нисам могао да дочекам да јавим вести Тому.	I couldn't wait to tell Tom my news.	вести	0	0
Ovo je najgluplja stvar koju sam ikada izgovorio.	That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.	izgovorio	0	0
Prirodan sam.	I'm neutral.	prirodan	0	0
Radila je toliko naporno da se na kraju razbolela.	She worked so hard that eventually she became ill.	razbolela	0	0
Nikada nisam dozvolio da moje školovanje ometa moje obrazovanje.	I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.	školovanje	0	0
Dostupna sam.	I'm available.	dostupna	0	0
Здраво, даме.	Hello, ladies.	даме	0	0
Adrenalinske žlezde luče adrenalin.	The adrenal glands secrete adrenalin.	adrenalin	0	0
Hajde da razmotrimo najgore što se može desiti.	Let's consider the worst that could happen.	razmotrimo	0	0
Medvedi su veoma opasni.	Bears are very dangerous.	medvedi	0	0
Meri je veoma stidljiva devojčica.	Mary is a very shy girl.	stidljiva	0	0
Policija je odbacila mogućnost samoubistva.	The police have ruled out suicide.	odbacila	0	0
Živo je biće, pa naravno da sere.	It's a living being, so of course it shits.	sere	0	0
Konjica je stigla.	The cavalry has arrived.	konjica	0	0
Ima oko trista milja odavde do Bostona.	It's about three hundred miles from here to Boston.	bostona	0	0
Bilo je potrebno četiri kilograma zlata da se pozlate pobedničke medalje.	Nine pounds of gold was needed to gild the victory medals.	medalje	0	0
Nada je štap za hodanje, od kolevke do groba.	Hope is the walking stick, from the cradle to the grave.	hodanje	0	0
Mini suknje su se vratile u modu.	Mini-skirts are back in fashion again.	modu	0	0
Vežbanje ima mnogo koristi.	Exercise has many benefits.	vežbanje	0	0
Molimo vas, čitajte između redova.	Please read between the lines.	redova	0	0
Maja Keuc je dobra pevačica.	Maja Keuc is a good singer.	pevačica	0	0
Moje obrazovanje me je napravilo ovim što jesam.	My education has made me what I am.	napravilo	0	0
Moramo da vežbamo više.	We need to exercise more.	vežbamo	0	0
San... pokušao sam da objasnim Svetom Petru, i učinio sam to na nemačkom jeziku, jer nisam želeo da budem suviše eksplicitan.	A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn't want to be too explicit.	nemačkom	0	0
Ko će da čita tako debelu knjigu?	Who's gonna read such a thick book?	debelu	0	0
Nisam nameravala da ti kažem to.	I didn't intend to tell you that.	nameravala	0	0
Meseci sa najviše kiše su maj, jun, jul i avgust.	The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.	jul	0	0
Ljubomora počinje da pomračuje Tomov razum.	The jealousy is starting to darken Tom's mind.	ljubomora	0	0
Навикао сам се на овакав рад.	I've gotten used to this kind of work.	рад	0	0
Желим лично да вам се захвалим.	I want to personally thank you.	лично	0	0
Meri je pružila veliku podršku.	Mary was very supportive.	pružila	0	0
U ruskom jeziku ne postoji reč "sloboda".	There is no word for liberty in the Russian language.	ruskom	0	0
Сви морају да сарађују да би ово успело.	We need everyone's cooperation for this to work.	морају	0	0
Није било разлога да се разбесниш.	There was no reason for you to get angry.	разлога	0	0
Ono što je Tom rekao je bilo neprikladno.	What Tom said was inappropriate.	neprikladno	0	0
Можемо ли да разговарамо овде?	Can we talk here?	разговарамо	0	0
U čemu je razlika između džema i marmelade?	What's the difference between jam and marmalade?	džema	0	0
Она оде кући.	She went home.	оде	0	0
Kad mačke nema, miševi kolo vode.	When the cat's away, the mice will play.	kolo	0	0
On uvek nosi tamnu odeću.	He always wears dark clothes.	tamnu	0	0
Tomov lični asistent ima ličnog asistenta.	Tom's personal assistant has a personal assistant.	asistenta	0	0
Da bi se pridružio horu, neophodno je da umeš da čitaš note.	To join the choir, you have to be able to read music.	note	0	0
Tom kaže da si ga ti nagovorila da uradi to.	Tom says you talked him into doing it.	nagovorila	0	0
Sve ostalo je nevažno.	The rest doesn't matter.	nevažno	0	0
Samiju fali neka daska u glavi.	Sami is not right in the head.	daska	0	0
Шокирала сам се када сам чула да је Том ухапшен.	I was shocked when I learned that Tom got arrested.	чула	0	0
Можемо да завршимо ово за сат времена. То значи да ће нам остати сат и по за вечеру.	We can finish this in an hour. That'll leave us an hour and a half for dinner.	вечеру	0	0
Ne zaboravi da poneseš kameru.	Don't forget to bring a camera.	poneseš	0	0
O svemu se može pregovarati.	Everything's negotiable.	pregovarati	0	0
Već vam je oprošteno.	You're already forgiven.	oprošteno	0	0
Tom nije izdržao i nekontrolisano je plakao držeći slovo na majčinoj sahrani.	Tom broke down and sobbed uncontrollably while giving the eulogy at his mother's funeral.	držeći	0	0
Мислим да је сасвим добро.	I think that's perfectly fine.	сасвим	0	0
Knjiga je na polici.	The book is on the shelf.	polici	0	0
Лав је краљ џунгле.	The lion is the king of the jungle.	краљ	0	0
Stvari koje poseduješ na kraju poseduju tebe.	The things you own, they end up owning you.	poseduju	0	0
Обично је само једно око захваћено.	Usually only one eye is affected.	обично	0	0
Tom se juče posekao nožem.	Tom cut himself with his knife yesterday.	posekao	0	0
Tom nije uspeo da iznese nijedan dokaz da podrži svoju izjavu.	Tom couldn't produce any evidence to back his statement up.	podrži	0	0
Dovrši ovo.	Finish this.	dovrši	0	0
Требали би смо се вратити пре заласка сунца.	We should be back before nightfall.	требали	0	0
Данас смо чули причу о издвајању биогаса.	Today we heard a story about biogas extraction.	причу	0	0
Ljudi greše.	People make mistakes.	greše	0	0
Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	štaba	0	0
Џон тугује.	John grieves.	џон	0	0
Prestanite da pušite.	Stop smoking.	pušite	0	0
Mini suknje su se vratile u modu.	Mini-skirts are back in fashion again.	vratile	0	0
Пожури, молим те!	Please hurry up!	пожури	0	0
Troje ranjenih, za koje je trenutno nejasno u kakvom su stanju, je evakuisano u Američku poljsku bolnicu.	Three of the wounded, whose condition is unclear, have been evacuated to an American field hospital.	nejasno	0	0
Не познајем никога од њих.	I know neither of them.	никога	0	0
Ponesite ovo.	Carry this.	ponesite	0	0
Koliko je dugačka reka Nil?	How long is the Nile River?	dugačka	0	0
Lekove uglavnom ne treba mešati sa alkoholom.	Medication and alcohol often don't mix.	mešati	0	0
Njegov gubitak pamćenja je više psihički nego fizički problem.	His loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one.	pamćenja	0	0
Напустио је своју породицу и отишао на Тахити да живи.	He abandoned his family and went to live in Tahiti.	породицу	0	0
Јесу ли оне Американке?	Are they American?	јесу	0	0
Šta to propuštam ovde?	What am I missing here?	propuštam	0	0
Sumnjate li u mene?	Am I under suspicion?	sumnjate	0	0
Сад треба да идем у кревет.	I should go to bed now.	кревет	0	0
Čak ni glavni detektiv kao Tom ne može da savlada sve probleme bez značajne pomoći kolega i saradnika.	Even a chief detective like Tom fails in doing his job, without the huge help of colleagues and associates.	saradnika	0	0
Marija zna da je njeno glavno oružje, predivno lice i mlado telo, prolazne vrednosti.	Mary knows that her main weapons, a beautiful face and a young body, are of transient value.	mlado	0	0
Ne mogu da se složim sa tobom.	I cannot agree with you.	složim	0	0
Том није схватио да не треба да ради то.	Tom didn't realize he wasn't supposed to do that.	схватио	0	0
Ova knjiga košta 3000 jena.	This book costs 3,000 yen.	jena	0	0
Miljaža zavisi od uslova na putu.	Mileage varies with driving conditions.	uslova	0	0
Elementarno, dragi moj Votsone.	Elementary, my dear Watson.	votsone	0	0
Odlučila je da ode i studira u SAD-u.	She decided to go and study in the USA.	studira	0	0
Anatomski implanti za grudi, međutim, takođe mogu da dovedu do deformacije oblika grudi ako rotiraju na bok.	Anatomical breast implants, however, can also deform the shape of the breast if they rotate sideways.	dovedu	0	0
Više volim šator sa olujnim pokrivačem, zajedno sa ukrštenim šipkama zbog stabilnosti na vetru i snežnih nanosa, i ovo mora da bude dvoslojni šator.	I prefer a tent with storm flaps and intersecting tent poles to provide stability against wind and resistance against the weight of snow, and it must be a two-layer tent.	vetru	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	obiđem	0	0
Da li je ovaj zub osetljiv na hladnu hranu?	Is this tooth sensitive to cold food?	hladnu	0	0
Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	filozofija	0	0
Ova kuća nalazi se na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	This house straddles the border between Canada and the United States.	kanade	0	0
Ja mogu da odolim svemu, osim iskušenju.	I can resist everything except temptation.	iskušenju	0	0
Vrh te planine je ravan.	The top of that mountain is flat.	ravan	0	0
Да ли ћеш ми помоћи да поспремим сто?	Will you help me set the table?	сто	0	0
Вечерас остајем будна до касно.	I'll be staying up late tonight.	касно	0	0
Uštedeli bi vreme da smo se spustili kroz Park Street.	We'd save time if we drove down Park Street.	spustili	0	0
Da li se samo meni čini, ili je Tatoeba danas veoma spora?	Is it just me, or is Tatoeba extremely slow today?	spora	0	0
Да ли Том има брата?	Does Tom have a brother?	брата	0	0
Da li je Tom stvarno upisao Harvard?	Did Tom really get into Harvard?	upisao	0	0
Bio je to veliki podsticaj za ekonomiju.	It was a great boost to the economy.	ekonomiju	0	0
Vreme je da se odraste.	It's time to grow up.	odraste	0	0
Ја само размишљам другачије.	I just think differently.	другачије	0	0
U detinjstvu, mnogi nasilni kriminalci su bezobzirno mučili životinje.	In childhood, many violent criminals wantonly mistreated animals.	nasilni	0	0
Lagan ručak će biti serviran.	A light lunch will be served.	lagan	0	0
Šta je tajni sastojak?	What's the secret ingredient?	sastojak	0	0
Prihodi su mi se smanjili za deset procenata.	My income has decreased ten percent.	procenata	0	0
Više ne mogu da se prepoznaju.	They are no longer recognizable.	prepoznaju	0	0
Danas izgledaš veseo.	You look happy today.	veseo	0	0
Pretpostavila sam da ste zauzete.	I assumed that you were busy.	pretpostavila	0	0
Ne žurite.	Don't rush.	žurite	0	0
Tom će progovoriti.	Tom'll speak.	progovoriti	0	0
И ено је.	There she comes.	ено	0	0
Samo obavljam svoju dužnost.	I'm only doing my duty.	obavljam	0	0
Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	frekvenciju	0	0
Урадио сам једино што сам могао.	I did the only thing I could do.	једино	0	0
Presvuci se.	Get changed.	presvuci	0	0
Да сам на твом месту, не бих купила ту.	If I were you, I wouldn't buy that one.	твом	0	0
To neće imati nikakvog efekta.	That won't have an effect.	efekta	0	0
Izvinjavam se onima među vama koji su eventualno uvređeni; to mi nije bila namera.	I apologize to those of you who might have been offended; that was never my intention.	eventualno	0	0
Знао сам да ћеш да одеш тамо.	I knew you'd go there.	одеш	0	0
Želim ti prijatnu sedmicu!	Have a good week!	sedmicu	0	0
Dato mi je ime po ocu.	I'm named after my father.	dato	0	0
Више никада није видела свој дом.	She was never to see her home again.	дом	0	0
Spremiću Toma.	I'll get Tom ready.	spremiću	0	0
Poslednji put kada sam otišao na plažu, žestoko sam izgoreo.	The last time I went to the beach, I got badly sunburned.	izgoreo	0	0
Ko je slomio šoljicu?	Who broke the mug?	šoljicu	0	0
"Колико остајеш?" "Бићу овде месец дана."	"How long are you staying?" "I'm staying for a month."	месец	0	0
Пас одједном појури ка детету.	The dog suddenly charged at the child.	ка	0	0
Zašto Tom nosi mantil?	Why is Tom wearing a coat?	mantil	0	0
Tom je veoma bezobrazan.	Tom is quite mean.	bezobrazan	0	0
Гради се нова школа.	A new school is being built.	нова	0	0
Tom ne može da poveruje u ovo.	Tom can't believe this.	poveruje	0	0
Moderna, racionalna, logična i nepristrasna nauka nam je već dala daleko sigurnija saznanja i nemerljivo više nego što nam je bilo koja religija ikada dala.	Modern, rational, logical and unprejudiced science has already given us far more secure knowledge and immeasurably more than any religion has ever given us.	saznanja	0	0
Da li umete da deaktivirate bombu?	Do you know how to deactivate a bomb?	umete	0	0
Један, два, три, четири, пет, шест, седам, осам, девет, десет.	One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.	седам	0	0
Заувек!	Forever!	заувек	0	0
Безбедносне камере су свуда.	There are security cameras everywhere.	свуда	0	0
Jedina reč napisana na stranici bila je "žaba".	The only word written on the page was the word "frog."	napisana	0	0
Pobednik trke je bilo penzionisano američko vojno lice.	The winner of the race was a retired US serviceman.	vojno	0	0
Odlučio sam da studiram francuski na univerzitetu.	I've decided to major in French in college.	studiram	0	0
Tom obično dolazi u školu pre bilo kog drugog studenta iz odeljenja.	Tom usually gets to school earlier than any other student in his class.	studenta	0	0
Nemoj da se predaješ tek tako.	Don't give up like that.	predaješ	0	0
Poznajem Džima još od detinjstva.	I've known Jim since my childhood.	džima	0	0
Да ли су шаргарепе добре за тебе?	Are carrots good for you?	добре	0	0
Ове паре треба да ме покрпе до краја месеца.	I need this money to last me until the end of the month.	краја	0	0
Њена је, зар не?	It is hers, is it not?	њена	0	0
Oni su glasali.	They voted.	glasali	0	0
Napušteno je.	It's deserted.	napušteno	0	0
Krvarim.	I'm bleeding.	krvarim	0	0
Moj instruktor za vožnju kaže da treba da budem strpljiviji.	My driving instructor says I should be more patient.	instruktor	0	0
Glumčeva karijera je trajala trideset godina.	The actor's career lasted for thirty years.	trajala	0	0
Potreban ti je privremeni most.	You'll need a temporary bridge.	privremeni	0	0
Соба није изгледала нарочито добро након што ју је Том окречио, јер прво није ни почистио зидове и плафон.	The room didn't look very good after Tom painted it, because he didn't even bother to wash the walls or ceiling first.	ју	0	0
Једва сам пронашао Тома.	I had difficulty locating Tom.	једва	0	0
Mnogo je mogućih odgovora na to pitanje.	There are many possible answers to that question.	mogućih	0	0
Tom nije uspeo da nagovori Meri da spremi tortu za Džonovu rođendansku žurku.	Tom wasn't able to talk Mary into baking a cake for John's birthday party.	rođendansku	0	0
Вежбај напољу.	Exercise outdoors.	напољу	0	0
Заборавио сам да је данас субота.	I forgot that today was Saturday.	заборавио	0	0
Kada se vratio sa dužnosti u Avganistanu, Toma su progonile noćne more.	After he came back from service in Afghanistan, Tom was plagued by flashbacks and nightmares.	avganistanu	0	0
Другачије је, од оног што сам ја очекивала.	That is different than what I had expected.	оног	0	0
Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	konga	0	0
Može biti teško obići nepoznati teren.	Unfamiliar terrain can be difficult to traverse.	obići	0	0
Možemo da iskoristimo resurse ovog ogromnog regiona tako što raspodelimo zadatke između sebe.	We can utilize the resources of this vast region by distributing tasks among ourselves.	ogromnog	0	0
Tom nije dobio priliku da zatruje atmosferu ili podrije ljubav između Marije i njenog novog ljubavnika.	Tom hasn't got the chance to poison the atmosphere or undermine the love between Mary and her new lover.	marije	0	0
Хвала вам, докторе.	Thank you, Doctor.	докторе	0	0
Barak Obama je hrišćanin.	Barack Obama is a Christian.	hrišćanin	0	0
Проклетство.	Damn.	проклетство	0	0
Zbog pogrešnog proračuna oni su izgubili dragoceno vreme.	Due to the miscalculation, they lost valuable time.	dragoceno	0	0
Novi ustav neće rešiti probleme Egipta.	The new constitution will not solve the problems of Egypt.	ustav	0	0
U detinjstvu, mnogi nasilni kriminalci su bezobzirno mučili životinje.	In childhood, many violent criminals wantonly mistreated animals.	detinjstvu	0	0
Preporučujem Vam da posetite Britanski Ratni Muzej u Londonu.	I recommend you visit the Imperial War Museum in London.	posetite	0	0
Буди тих.	Stay quiet.	тих	0	0
Помози ми. Не умем да пливам.	Help me. I can't swim.	помози	0	0
Da li je tom bio u zabludi?	Was Tom delusional?	zabludi	0	0
Imam poteškoća kada govorim o svojim osećanjima.	I have trouble talking about my feelings.	poteškoća	0	0
Tokio je glavni grad Japana.	Tokyo is the capital of Japan.	tokio	0	0
Voli da od komarca pravi magarca.	He loves to make a mountain out of a molehill.	magarca	0	0
Tom je u neprestanom bolu.	Tom is in constant pain.	bolu	0	0
Verena sam.	I'm engaged.	verena	0	0
Tom je angažovao privatnog detektiva da prati Meri.	Tom hired a private detective to follow Mary.	angažovao	0	0
Остало је нешто млека.	There's some milk left.	остало	0	0
Oh, siva mačkice, molim te, ne predi. Deka bi mogao da te čuje.	O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.	siva	0	0
Ti si mali lažljivac.	You're a little liar.	lažljivac	0	0
Razgovor je u tajnosti snimljen i iskorišćen je kao dokaz.	The conversation was secretly recorded and used as evidence.	snimljen	0	0
Dobra savest je mekan jastuk.	A good conscience is a soft pillow.	mekan	0	0
Lejla ima širok krug prijatelja.	Layla had a large circle of friends.	širok	0	0
Devojka je pustila ptice iz kaveza.	The girl released the birds from the cage.	kaveza	0	0
Manjak sna je uticao na pevačev učinak.	A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.	učinak	0	0
Parovi u vezi na daljinu znaju da rizikuju - a da ne spominjemo žrtvovanja na koja su primorani.	Couples in long distance relationship know that they run a risk - not to mention the sacrifices they have to make.	daljinu	0	0
Da li bismo mogli da naručimo sad?	Could we order now?	naručimo	0	0
Njegov gubitak pamćenja je više psihički nego fizički problem.	His loss of memory is a psychological problem rather than a physical one.	psihički	0	0
Tom piše pismo svojoj majici svake nedelje.	Tom writes a letter to his mother every week.	majici	0	0
Бићу превише заузет да ти помогнем данас.	I'm going to be too busy to help you today.	бићу	0	0
Potrudiću se da ih nađem.	I'll try to find them.	potrudiću	0	0
Naviknuti smo na život u velikom gradu.	We are used to living in a big city.	naviknuti	0	0
Koliko pari čarapa imaš?	How many pairs of socks do you have?	pari	0	0
Ovaj model može se kombinovati sa bilo kojom bojom.	This model can be combined with any color.	bojom	0	0
Tom samo kafu bez kofeina pije.	Tom only drinks decaffeinated coffee.	kofeina	0	0
Nismo spremni da odustanemo.	We're not ready to quit.	odustanemo	0	0
Том је из малог града на око триста миља одавде.	Tom is from small town about three hundred miles from here.	града	0	0
Snažni vetrovi su sinoć odlomili mnogo grana sa stabala.	The strong winds knocked down a lot of tree branches last night.	grana	0	0
Zlato je u zelenim šumama.	There is gold in green forests.	šumama	0	0
Misliš li da će se situacija poboljšati?	Do you think the situation can improve?	poboljšati	0	0
Okreni se začas, hoćeš li?	Turn around for a second, will you?	začas	0	0
Мораћу да то послушам за који минут.	I'm going to have to listen to that in a bit.	минут	0	0
Daj da ti zapišem uputstvo.	Let me write down the directions for you.	uputstvo	0	0
Kuća je sagrađena od cigle.	The house was built of bricks.	cigle	0	0
To je depresivna priča.	That's a depressing story.	depresivna	0	0
Tom radi oko devet sati neprekidno.	Tom works about nine hours at a stretch.	neprekidno	0	0
Imam tri predivne unuke.	I have three beautiful granddaughters.	unuke	0	0
Видели су је како излази из собе.	She was seen to walk out of the room.	излази	0	0
На одвојеној страни папира,опишите вашег пријатеља: године,где она или он живи, његов или њен посао итд.	On a separate sheet of paper, describe your best friend: age, where he or she lives, his or her job, etc.	страни	0	0
Ne pijte vodu.	Don't drink the water.	pijte	0	0
Hrana je neophodna za opstanak.	Food is essential for survival.	neophodna	0	0
Čija je ovo gitara?	Whose guitar is this?	gitara	0	0
Dvojica muškaraca su bili partneri u biznisu.	The two men were business partners.	biznisu	0	0
"Da li ti je bolje?" "Ne, lošije mi je."	"Are you feeling better?" "No, I feel worse."	lošije	0	0
O'ladi.	Cool it.	ladi	0	0
Šta ste zaključili?	What have you concluded?	zaključili	0	0
Никад нисам видела Тома у таквом стању.	I've never seen Tom in such a state.	стању	0	0
Zašto je ljubav tako komplikovana?	Why is love so complicated?	komplikovana	0	0
Norveška zastava ima tamnoplav Norveški krst sa belim ivicama na crvenoj pozadini, i ona je iz 1821. godine.	The Norwegian flag has a dark blue Nordic cross with white border on a red background, and it is from 1821.	crvenoj	0	0
Prvo moram da se naviknem.	I have to get used to it first.	naviknem	0	0
Пише књиге.	He writes books.	пише	0	0
Oslo je prosto jedinstveno.	Oslo is just unique.	jedinstveno	0	0
Ја сам најстарија ћерка.	I'm the oldest daughter.	ћерка	0	0
Svi su se molili.	Everyone prayed.	molili	0	0
Uređaj koristite dok vas ne upozori da napunite bateriju i onda je punite 5 sati da bi postigli maksimalni kapacitet.	Use the device until it warns you to charge the battery and then charge it for 5 hours to reach the maximum capacity.	bateriju	0	0
Trebalo bi da vežeš psa lancem da ne bi ugrizao nekog.	You should chain the dog up, so he won't bite anyone.	ugrizao	0	0
Шта ти је толико забавно око тога?	What do you find so amusing about that?	забавно	0	0
Tom ima problema sa svojim čizmama za šetnju. Ima žuljeve na tabanu jednog stopala.	Tom has trouble with his walking boots. He has blisters on the sole of one foot.	čizmama	0	0
Много људи мисле да је мала шанса да се то догоди.	Many people think that isn't likely to happen.	мисле	0	0
Pokrenite se.	Get moving.	pokrenite	0	0
Колико често радиш то са Томом?	How often do you do that with Tom?	често	0	0
Pre tri dana su sve pumpe i alarmni sistemi otkazali, i velika količina vode je prodrla u oslofjordski tunel.	All pumps and alarm systems failed, and large amounts of water flooded into the Oslofjord Tunnel three days ago.	otkazali	0	0
Zoološki vrt je zatvoren ponedeljkom.	The zoo is closed on Mondays.	zoološki	0	0
Шта ћеш радити данас?	What are you going to do today?	радити	0	0
Stvari koje poseduješ na kraju poseduju tebe.	The things you own, they end up owning you.	poseduješ	0	0
У напад!	Attack!	напад	0	0
Đavo je veverica.	The devil is a squirrel.	veverica	0	0
Tom je pritisnuo prekidač.	Tom flipped the switch.	pritisnuo	0	0
Kuća je izgorela do temelja pre nego što su stigli vatrogasci.	The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.	izgorela	0	0
Ole, najstarija jegulja na svetu, je upravo uginula. Imao je približno 150 godina.	Åle, the world's oldest eel, just died. He was approximately 150 years old.	najstarija	0	0
Zašto ne skinete kaput?	Why don't you take off your coat?	skinete	0	0
Posle zemljotresa, retko koaj kuća se nije srušila.	After the earthquake, hardly any houses remained standing.	srušila	0	0
Мислим да сам оставио новчаник на послу.	I think I left my wallet at work.	послу	0	0
Vlada se slama zbog spletki oko izbegavanja plaćanja poreza.	The government is cracking down on tax avoidance schemes.	slama	0	0
Мислим да можемо да нађемо некога ко би пристао да ти среди то.	I think we can find someone willing to do that for you.	нађемо	0	0
Džozef Konrad je napisao "Srce tame" delimično na osnovu ličnog iskustva iz Belgijskog Konga.	Joseph Conrad wrote "Heart of Darkness" in part based on his personal experience in Belgian Congo.	konrad	0	0
Родитељи су ми умрли.	My parents are dead.	родитељи	0	0
Možeš li da me odvezeš do aerodroma sutra ujutru?	Can you drive me to the airport tomorrow morning?	odvezeš	0	0
Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	potencijalno	0	0
Ministar je bio uhvaćen da je lagao pri istraživanju korupcije te je bio primoran da da otkaz.	The minister was caught lying to the corruption enquiry and was forced to resign.	primoran	0	0
Kupio je jaja i mleko od seljaka.	He bought eggs and milk from a farmer.	seljaka	0	0
Rastali smo se na ćošku.	We parted at the corner.	rastali	0	0
Ako nalog već postoji, funkcionisaće sistem kojim možete da primate i šaljete email.	If there is already an account, there is a system by which you are able to send and receive email.	primate	0	0
Da li si položio ispite?	Did you pass your exams?	ispite	0	0
Parlament je raspušten.	Parliament has been dissolved.	parlament	0	0
Peške ili biciklom ideš u školu?	Do you go to school on foot or by bicycle?	biciklom	0	0
Стани у прав ред.	Stand in a straight line.	ред	0	0
Зна ли Том где живим?	Does Tom know where I live?	живим	0	0
Nisam obraćao pažnju na ono što pričaju.	I didn't pay attention to what they were saying.	obraćao	0	0
Mora da je to nova funkcija.	It must be a new feature.	funkcija	0	0
Zašto je između nas neprijatno ćutanje?	Why is there an awkward silence between us?	ćutanje	0	0
Јеси ли успео да одговориш на сва Томова питања?	Were you able to answer all Tom's questions?	успео	0	0
Потребна си Тому.	Tom does need you.	потребна	0	0
Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	praveći	0	0
Tom je najmlađi.	Tom is the youngest.	najmlađi	0	0
Idem da se spakujem.	I'm going to go pack.	spakujem	0	0
Остало је савршено.	The rest is perfect.	савршено	0	0
Шта је твој одговор, Томе?	What's your answer, Tom?	одговор	0	0
Довољно смо добри.	We're good enough.	добри	0	0
Том је још увек био беба када се то догодило.	Tom was just a baby when that happened.	беба	0	0
Osnovno, moj dragi Votsone.	Elementary, my dear Watson.	osnovno	0	0
Tom je pravi štreber.	Tom is a real nerd.	štreber	0	0
Ja nisam veteran.	I'm not a veteran.	veteran	0	0
Ima oko trista milja odavde do Bostona.	It's about three hundred miles from here to Boston.	trista	0	0
Tom voli da se hvali.	Tom likes to show off.	hvali	0	0
Znam da je nelegalno.	I know it's illegal.	nelegalno	0	0
Нико није био укрцан у том тренутку.	No one was on board at the time.	тренутку	0	0
Сви сем Тома се смеју.	Everybody but Tom laughs.	сем	0	0
Molim vas, napišite.	Please write it down.	napišite	0	0
Veoma si nepristojna.	You're very rude.	nepristojna	0	0
Ko te optužuje?	Who's accusing you?	optužuje	0	0
Том је једна од мојих најбољих муштерија.	Tom is one of my best customers.	мојих	0	0
Када сте дошли у школу?	When did you come to school?	школу	0	0
Većina naučnika je odbacila teoriju pomeranja kontinenata, jer je bilo tako teško da se zamisli da su pokreti ploča uopšte i mogući.	Most scientists had rejected the continental-drift theory because it had been so difficult to imagine that plate movements were even possible.	pokreti	0	0
Tomov pas je legao.	Tom's dog lay down.	legao	0	0
Nikad te nisam savetovao da uradiš to.	I never advised you to do that.	savetovao	0	0
Хоће ли умрети?	Will he die?	умрети	0	0
Окренула ми је леђа.	She turned her back to me.	леђа	0	0
Имати велику снагу, физичку или моралну, а не злоупотребити је бар понекад, тешко је, готово немогуће.	To possess strength, whether physical or moral and not to take advantage of it at least occasionally it's hard, nearly impossible.	немогуће	0	0
Budi oprezan sa željama. Možda ti se i ostvare.	Be careful what you wish for. It just might come true.	željama	0	0
Uzaludno je.	It's futile.	uzaludno	0	0
Том ништа није могао да уради по том питању.	There was nothing Tom could've done about it.	питању	0	0
Ја нисам део твоје породице.	I'm not a part of your family.	породице	0	0
Много ме занима зашто се то десило.	I'm very curious about why that happened.	занима	0	0
Moj najomiljeniji dizajner je Tom Džekson.	My favorite designer is Tom Jackson.	dizajner	0	0
Обећавам да ћу следећи пут остати дуже.	I promise to stay longer next time.	обећавам	0	0
Šta izigravaš?	What are you playing at?	izigravaš	0	0
Опрости му.	Forgive him.	опрости	0	0
Oni su poboljšali bezbednosne procedure i sada su bolje pripremljeni nego ranije.	They have improved safeguards and they are now better prepared than before.	procedure	0	0
Meri se osetila povređenom kada se njena deca nisu mogla potruditi da je kontaktiraju za osmi mart.	Mary was hurt when her children didn't even bother to contact her for Mother's Day.	osmi	0	0
Pošto je dobila na lutriji, izašla je u partiju šopinga.	Having won the lottery, she went on a shopping spree.	lutriji	0	0
Hajde da pomerimo ormar.	Let's move the dresser.	pomerimo	0	0
Ко је нестао?	Who vanished?	нестао	0	0
Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	tor	0	0
Izgledaš kao veoma inteligentna osoba.	You seem like a very intelligent person.	inteligentna	0	0
Toma je bio skroz preplašen.	Tom was good and scared.	preplašen	0	0
Ova knjiga će ti pomoći da pišeš efikasno.	This book will help you write effectively.	efikasno	0	0
Главни град Србије је Београд.	The capital city of Serbia is Belgrade.	главни	0	0
Iznos za obavljeni posao i interes na uloženi kapital su bili nekoliko milona.	The payment for labor and return on invested capital was several millions.	kapital	0	0
Рођендан ми се пада у понедељак следеће године.	My birthday is on a Monday next year.	следеће	0	0
Da li si oprala suđe?	Have you washed the dishes?	oprala	0	0
Koliko često čistiš svoju sobu?	How often do you clean your room?	čistiš	0	0
Ne bih ti orah iz ruke uzeo.	I wouldn't even take a glass of water in the desert from you.	orah	0	0
Ajvi Bin, najstariji korisnik i Facebook-a i Twitter-a, je preminula u 104 godini.	Ivy Bean, the oldest user of both Facebook and Twitter, died at 104.	ajvi	0	0
Да ли си икад превео филм?	Have you ever translated a movie?	филм	0	0
Tom je morao da ponovo napiše svoj esej.	Tom had to rewrite his essay.	esej	0	0
Mora da ima preko šezdeset godina.	He must be over sixty.	šezdeset	0	0
Ponos teži da postane oholost, koja je blizak rod ludosti.	Pride tends to develop into hubris, which is close kin to madness.	ludosti	0	0
Ne možete za sve da krivite Toma.	You can't blame it all on Tom.	krivite	0	0
Trebalo bi da očistiš ovo mesto.	You should clean up this place.	očistiš	0	0
Vreme je odličan učitelj, ali nažalost ubija sve svoje učenike.	Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.	učenike	0	0
Meri je slikala svoju mačku telefonom.	Mary took a picture of her cat with her cellphone.	slikala	0	0
Da više nikad nisi pričao mojoj devojčici.	Don't you ever go near my girl again.	devojčici	0	0
Због лошег времена, авион је каснио.	Due to bad weather, the plane was late.	авион	0	0
On se izvinio, pa ja nisam želeo da tome pridajem poseban značaj.	He apologized, so I didn't want to make a big deal about that.	izvinio	0	0
Grupa nije svirala niti jednu pesmu koju sam prepoznao.	The band didn't play one song that I recognized.	svirala	0	0
Она не делује срећно.	She looks unhappy.	срећно	0	0
Том је погрешно разумео.	Tom misunderstood.	погрешно	0	0
Ona je postigla svoj cilj.	She achieved her goal.	postigla	0	0
Čuvali su svoju vezu u tajnosti.	They kept their relationship a secret.	čuvali	0	0
Naoružana sam.	I'm armed.	naoružana	0	0
Tom je ranije pisao članke za lokalne novine.	Tom used to write articles for the local newspaper.	članke	0	0
Tom ima mračnu tajnu.	Tom has a dark secret.	mračnu	0	0
Svi budući sastanci će biti održani u ovoj sobi.	All future meetings will be held in this room.	sastanci	0	0
Нисам се лепо провела прошле недеље.	I didn't have a good time last Sunday.	прошле	0	0
Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	eksperimenta	0	0
Reci Tomu da sam nedužan.	Tell Tom I'm innocent.	nedužan	0	0
Tom štedi novac da bi mogao da ide u Boston.	Tom has been saving up money so he can go to Boston.	štedi	0	0
Smorio se od čitanja.	He got tired of reading.	čitanja	0	0
Tom je nazvao svog hrčka Kuki.	Tom named his hamster Cookie.	kuki	0	0
Како си у последње време?	How have you been recently?	последње	0	0
Нисам видела ниједну његову слику.	I haven't seen any of his pictures.	његову	0	0
Svoja kućica, svoja slobodica.	A man's home is his castle.	kućica	0	0
Nastavi da kopaš.	Continue digging.	kopaš	0	0
Previše sebi dozvoljavaš!	You're going too far.	dozvoljavaš	0	0
Slonovi su ubijani zbog slonovače.	Elephants were killed for their ivory.	slonovi	0	0
Не сећам се свега што смо радили тог дана, али сећам се да смо на крају обоје били исцрпљени.	I don't remember everything we did that day, but I do remember that we were both exhausted by the end of the day.	радили	0	0
Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	planinski	0	0
Čuvate li ovo mesto za nekoga?	Are you saving this seat for someone?	čuvate	0	0
Drugi naučnici pregovaraju o njegovoj teoriji o nestanku dinosaurusa.	Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.	dinosaurusa	0	0
Više ne možete da me povredite.	You can't hurt me anymore.	povredite	0	0
Tom je arogantan.	Tom is arrogant.	arogantan	0	0
Možeš li to da ponoviš?	Could you repeat that?	ponoviš	0	0
Обе имају троје деце.	Both of them have three kids.	деце	0	0
Да ли је Тому потребан аутомобил?	Does Tom really need a car?	потребан	0	0
Jebena matora kurva u menopauzi se žalila na mene bez razloga.	A fucking menopausal old bitch was complaining about me for no reason.	žalila	0	0
Bolje vrabac u ruci nego golub na grani.	A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.	golub	0	0
Samo se trude da pomognu.	They're only trying to help.	trude	0	0
Direktor predlaže da raspravimo problem.	The chairman suggested that we should discuss the problem.	raspravimo	0	0
Švajcarskoj trebaju bolje jabuke.	Switzerland needs better apples.	švajcarskoj	0	0
Kladim se da te Tom nikad nije ljubio tako.	I bet Tom never kissed you like that.	ljubio	0	0
On je čovek s velikim iskustvom.	He is a man of wide experience.	iskustvom	0	0
Neko treba da zaposli Toma.	Somebody needs to hire Tom.	zaposli	0	0
Temperatura ovde je viša nego u Tokiju.	The temperature here is higher than that of Tokyo.	tokiju	0	0
Пружила сам вам много прилика да урадите то.	I've already given you a lot of chances to do that.	урадите	0	0
Volim da nosim suknje dužine do kolena.	I like to wear my skirts knee length.	dužine	0	0
Tom je zahtevao povećanje.	Tom put in for a raise.	zahtevao	0	0
Njihovo je pravo da glasaju.	It is their right to vote.	glasaju	0	0
Šta tačno pokušavate da dokažete?	What exactly are you trying to prove?	dokažete	0	0
Ovaj je nezgodan.	This one's a tough one.	nezgodan	0	0
Nemojte da stanete.	Don't stop.	stanete	0	0
Nisam prepoznao melodiju.	I didn't recognise the tune.	melodiju	0	0
Ne moraš da vičeš. Nisam gluva!	You don't need to shout. I'm not deaf.	gluva	0	0
Ne morate da kupujete novi nameštaj. Sa malo poliranja i farbanja Vaš stari nameštaj može da dobije novi život.	You do not have to buy new furniture. With a little polishing and painting, old furniture can get a new life.	kupujete	0	0
Još uvek volim klasični rok.	I still love classic rock.	klasični	0	0
Мој фото-апарт је бољи од твог.	My camera is better than yours.	бољи	0	0
Том хоће да прича о овоме.	Tom wants to talk about this.	овоме	0	0
Neću učestvovati.	I'll pass.	učestvovati	0	0
Том није рекао Мери шта се десило.	Tom didn't tell Mary what had happened.	мери	0	0
Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	opreza	0	0
Idi da potražiš Toma.	Go and look for Tom.	potražiš	0	0
Чекајте мој сигнал.	Wait for my signal.	чекајте	0	0
Jesu li ikada doživeo saobraćajnu nesreću?	Have you ever been in a car accident?	saobraćajnu	0	0
Adrenalinske žlezde luče adrenalin.	The adrenal glands secrete adrenalin.	luče	0	0
Шта се догађа?	What's happening?	догађа	0	0
Исусе Христе!	Jesus Christ!	исусе	0	0
Pokaži mi fotke!	Show me the photos!	fotke	0	0
Možete li samo da me odvedete kući, molim vas?	Could you just take me home, please?	odvedete	0	0
Ustala je i prišla prozoru.	She stood and walked toward the window.	prišla	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	razočarenje	0	0
Navikao sam se da se nikom ne dopadam.	I'm used to no one liking me.	dopadam	0	0
Obrati pažnju na školska pravila.	You should observe the school rules.	školska	0	0
Besplatna biblioteka Haskel i Opera haus sagrađeni su na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	The Haskell Free Library and Opera House was built on the border between Canada and the United States.	opera	0	0
Том и Мери су прекинули разговор и окренули се да виде ко је тамо.	Tom and Mary stopped talking and turned around to see who was there.	разговор	0	0
Opasnost vreba iza svakog ugla.	Danger lurks around every corner.	vreba	0	0
Можеш ли да говориш?	Can you speak?	говориш	0	0
Veliki sam fan fudbala.	I'm a big football fan.	fudbala	0	0
Udovi trnu od hladnoće.	Cold numbs the limbs.	hladnoće	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	usuđuje	0	0
Том већ зна да нисам баш срећна због тога.	Tom already knows I'm not very happy about it.	срећна	0	0
Време је да се вратимо кући.	It's time to come back home.	вратимо	0	0
Свим дечацима у тиму су дате нове униформе.	All the boys on the team were given new uniforms.	нове	0	0
Prestani da vrištiš.	Stop screaming.	vrištiš	0	0
Veoma je strpljiva.	She is extremely patient.	strpljiva	0	0
Ја мислим да је битно.	I think it matters.	битно	0	0
Hoće li budućnost biti poput naučne fantastike?	Will the future be like science fiction?	naučne	0	0
Том је Џона научио да плива тако што га је бацио у воду.	Tom taught John to swim by throwing him in the water.	воду	0	0
Potreban ti je automobil ako živiš u predgrađu.	You need a car if you live in the suburbs.	predgrađu	0	0
Niko od nas nije besmrtan.	No one of us is immortal.	besmrtan	0	0
"Šta ti se dopalo kod nje?" "Ne znam. Izgledala je misteriozno."	"What is it that you liked about her?" "I don't know. She seemed mysterious."	misteriozno	0	0
Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	veličanstveni	0	0
Potražio sam sok od grožđa.	I asked for grape juice.	potražio	0	0
Vozili smo miljama.	We drove for miles.	miljama	0	0
Bliznakinje su slika i prilika.	The twin sisters are alike as two peas in a pod.	bliznakinje	0	0
Волим приче о вампирима.	I like vampire stories.	приче	0	0
Meri je nosila papuče u obliku zeke.	Mary wore bunny slippers.	papuče	0	0
Možda je Tom bio upleten.	Maybe Tom was involved.	upleten	0	0
Molim te, pojačaj klima-uređaj malo.	Please turn up the AC a little bit.	pojačaj	0	0
Istoriju pišu pobednici.	History is written by the victors.	pobednici	0	0
Tom je pao sa kamiona, dok je hranio irvase.	Tom fell off the truck while he was feeding the reindeer.	hranio	0	0
Кажи кад.	Say when.	кажи	0	0
Ovo su koraci koji vode pravo u propast.	These are the steps that lead straight to failure.	koraci	0	0
Изгледа да знаш доста о тој теми.	You seem to know a lot about that subject.	тој	0	0
Да ли сте знали Томову мајку?	Did you know Tom's mother?	мајку	0	0
Почиње да ми недостаје Бостон.	I'm beginning to miss Boston.	почиње	0	0
Јеби се!	Screw you!	јеби	0	0
Није ми требала никаква помоћ.	I didn't need any help.	требала	0	0
Питам се да ли је Том тај који је крив.	I wonder if Tom is the guilty one.	крив	0	0
Знам како се сигурно осећаш.	I know how you must feel.	осећаш	0	0
Mala Marija voli da crta crteže drvenim bojicama.	Little Maria likes to draw pictures with crayons.	crteže	0	0
"Kada si legla da spavaš sinoć?" "U 4." "Šta? Šta si radila toliko kasno?" "Pričala sam sa bivšim na telefonu."	"When'd you go to sleep last night?" "4 o'clock." "What? What were you doing up so late?" "Talking on the phone with my ex-boyfriend."	legla	0	0
Tom je nazvan po ocu.	Tom is named after his father.	nazvan	0	0
Vremenska prognoza kaže da će sutra popodne da pada kiša.	The weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon.	prognoza	0	0
Želiš da se uključiš?	Do you want in on this?	uključiš	0	0
U Africi ima puno lavova.	In Africa there are many lions.	lavova	0	0
Slomilo se na dva dela.	It broke into two pieces.	slomilo	0	0
Treba da jedeš više povrća.	You should eat more vegetables.	povrća	0	0
Tom mi je pisao, pričajući mi o svom putovanju.	Tom wrote to me, telling me about his trip.	pričajući	0	0
Da nadogradite firmver, idite na stranicu za preuzimanje i dovucite najnoviju verziju.	To upgrade the firmware, you must go to the download page and download the latest version.	preuzimanje	0	0
Arheolog istražuje stare rimske ruševine.	The archaeologist is studying old Roman ruins.	ruševine	0	0
Zlato je u zelenim šumama.	There is gold in green forests.	zelenim	0	0
Koloseum je korišćen do 217. godine, ali onda ga je pogodila munja i izgoreo je.	The Colosseum was used until the year 217, when it was struck by lightning and burnt.	korišćen	0	0
Tom je političar koji mora da se pripremi da proguta mnogo toga što je ranije rekao.	Tom is a politician who must be prepared to swallow a lot of the words he said earlier.	proguta	0	0
Razveden sam.	I'm divorced.	razveden	0	0
Odana sam.	I'm loyal.	odana	0	0
Ima li nekih skrivenih plaćanja?	Are there any hidden fees?	plaćanja	0	0
Treba da se zahvališ Tomu pismom.	You should write Tom a thank-you letter.	zahvališ	0	0
Напокон смо стигли!	At last, we have arrived!	стигли	0	0
Uspaničio sam se.	I panicked.	uspaničio	0	0
Том се каје што није питао Мерио да изађу када је имао прилику, и она сада излази са његовим најбољим пријатељем.	Tom regrets not having asked Mary out when he had the chance, and now she's going out with his best friend.	прилику	0	0
Šećer se rastvara u toploj kafi.	Sugar dissolves in warm coffee.	kafi	0	0
Замолио сам Тома да ми носи кофер.	I asked Tom to carry my suitcase.	носи	0	0
Kad god pričamo, zbog njega mi proradi adrenalin.	Whenever we talk, he gets my adrenaline going.	proradi	0	0
Zar nisi iz Australije?	Aren't you from Australia?	australije	0	0
Pobednik trke je bilo penzionisano američko vojno lice.	The winner of the race was a retired US serviceman.	američko	0	0
Причаћеш француски течно у року од годину дана.	You'll all be speaking fluent French within a year.	годину	0	0
Žao mi je što te uvek ometam.	I'm sorry to always be bothering you.	ometam	0	0
Izbegava me.	He avoids me.	izbegava	0	0
Ne otvarajte je.	Don't open it.	otvarajte	0	0
Опосум је америчка животиња која има главу као лисица и велике очи.	The opossum is an American animal, having a head like the fox, and large eyes.	велике	0	0
Виде ли нову Томову тетоважу?	Have you seen Tom's new tattoo?	виде	0	0
I ja razmišljam da odem u Australiju.	I, too, am thinking of going to Australia.	australiju	0	0
Sumnjaju li na mene?	Am I under suspicion?	sumnjaju	0	0
Brodski trup je oštećen.	The ship's hull is damaged.	trup	0	0
Postoji malo sumnje da će rezanje u već ogoljenom sistemu imati dramatične posledice za industriju i opštine u ruralnim oblastima.	There is little doubt that the tightening of an already stripped system will have dramatic consequences for industry and municipalities in rural areas.	industriju	0	0
Poverio sam ti svoju tajnu a ti si me izdala.	I trusted you with my secret and you betrayed me.	poverio	0	0
Ne preteruj.	Don't exaggerate.	preteruj	0	0
Samo što smo večerali.	We just ate dinner.	večerali	0	0
Изволи кафу.	Here's your coffee.	кафу	0	0
Na čiju inicijativu je ovo urađeno?	Who has initiated this?	inicijativu	0	0
У чудним вазама које је својим рукама направио од глине из региона налазили су се прелепи тропски цветови.	Odd vases made by his own hand from the clay of the region held beautiful tropical flowers.	рукама	0	0
Pas je beo.	The dog is white.	beo	0	0
Ja mogu da odolim svemu, osim iskušenju.	I can resist everything except temptation.	odolim	0	0
Jawbreaker je okrugla višeslojna bombona slično kao što je biser.	A jawbreaker is a round candy, multi-layered like a pearl.	biser	0	0
Човек има много жеља које заправо ни не жели да се остваре, и било би погрешно претпоставити супротно.Он жели да оне остану само жеље; оне имају вредност само у његовој машти; њихово остваривање било би за њега горко разочарење.Таква једна жеља је и жеља за вечним животом. Да је била испуњена, човек би постао потпуно болестан од бесконачног живота, и желео би смрт.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	постао	0	0
Mogu da prestanu da se nadaju sve dok ne uspeju da primoraju kompaniju na neophodnu koncesiju.	Unless they manage to force the company to make the necessary concessions, they should give up hope.	nadaju	0	0
Ne bojim se smrti, već umiranja.	I do not fear death, but dying.	umiranja	0	0
Možeš da ideš da se igraš sa drugarima kada završiš pospremanje kuće.	You can go play with your friends when your chores are done.	drugarima	0	0
Šekspir je napisao mnogo zanimljivih drama.	Shakespeare wrote a lot of interesting plays.	šekspir	0	0
Jednoglasno su zaključili da je on prekršio pravila o nelojalnoj imitaciji i dobre poslovne prakse u zakonu o reklamiranju.	They unanimously concluded that he had violated the rules against unfair imitation as well as good business practices under marketing law.	prakse	0	0
Brkovi rastu na gornjoj usni.	A mustache grows on the upper lip.	brkovi	0	0
Добро је чути ти глас.	It's good to hear your voice.	глас	0	0
Много сам осетљив на хладноћу. Могу ли да добијем још једно ћебе?	I'm very sensitive to cold. May I have another blanket?	добијем	0	0
Moramo da se otarasimo Toma.	We must get rid of Tom.	otarasimo	0	0
On ima dobru memoriju.	He has a good memory.	memoriju	0	0
Италија је веома лепа земља.	Italy is a very beautiful country.	земља	0	0
Bio sam na recepciji.	I was at the reception.	recepciji	0	0
Ubeđena sam.	I'm convinced.	ubeđena	0	0
Сви смо мислили да си ожењен.	We all thought you were married.	мислили	0	0
Tom je na poslovnom putovanju.	Tom is away on business.	poslovnom	0	0
Ne želim da me vidiš golog.	I don't want you to see me naked.	golog	0	0
Sudija je lupio čekićem.	The judge banged his gavel.	čekićem	0	0
Prestravljen sam.	I'm terrified.	prestravljen	0	0
Tom je izgledao zabrinuto.	Tom seemed anxious.	zabrinuto	0	0
Tomova dva druga su poginula u nesreći, a i on sam polako klizi ka smrti.	Tom's two mates died in an accident, and he himself is slowly heading towards death.	klizi	0	0
Боље да одемо у другу собу да не би могли да чују о чему причамо.	We'd better go to another room, so they can't hear what we're talking about.	одемо	0	0
Неки ученици не воле да носе униформе.	Some students don't like wearing uniforms.	воле	0	0
Potrebno je mnogo mašte kad se pokušava da se ovde doda nova rečenica.	A lot of imagination is needed to try to add new sentences here.	doda	0	0
Seli smo na klupu da pričamo.	We sat down on a bench to talk.	klupu	0	0
Za doručak uvek jedem voće i ovsenu kašu.	I always have fruit and oatmeal for breakfast.	kašu	0	0
Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	kgb	0	0
Он има осам година.	He is eight.	осам	0	0
У шта верујеш?	What do you believe in?	верујеш	0	0
Нисмо успели да узмемо шта смо хтели.	We weren't able to get what we needed.	хтели	0	0
Није била моја грешка.	It wasn't my mistake.	грешка	0	0
Tom je skrenuo desno kad je trebalo da skrene levo.	Tom turned right when he should've turned left.	skrene	0	0
Једног дана, пробудио сам се и схватио да ми је Бог ставио длаке на лице. Обријао сам их. Следећег дана, схватио сам да ми их је Бог вратио на лице, па сам их опет обријао. Трећег дана, када сам схватио да ми је Бог поново ставио длаке на лице, одлучио сам да попустим Богу. Зато имам браду.	One day, I woke up to find that God had put hair on my face. I shaved it off. The next day, I found that God had put it back on my face, so I shaved it off again. On the third day, when I found that God had put hair back on my face again, I decided to let God have his way. That's why I have a beard.	богу	0	0
Pevali su havajske pesme.	They sang Hawaiian songs.	pevali	0	0
Pokazaćemo vam kako da upecate ribu.	We will show you how to catch a fish.	pokazaćemo	0	0
Shvatam da su oni trn u oku takvima kao ti, ali ovo je samo bedno.	I understand that they are a thorn in the eye to people like you, but this is simply pathetic.	bedno	0	0
Једног дана, пробудио сам се и схватио да ми је Бог ставио длаке на лице. Обријао сам их. Следећег дана, схватио сам да ми их је Бог вратио на лице, па сам их опет обријао. Трећег дана, када сам схватио да ми је Бог поново ставио длаке на лице, одлучио сам да попустим Богу. Зато имам браду.	One day, I woke up to find that God had put hair on my face. I shaved it off. The next day, I found that God had put it back on my face, so I shaved it off again. On the third day, when I found that God had put hair back on my face again, I decided to let God have his way. That's why I have a beard.	ставио	0	0
Учинио сам да дају отказ Тому.	I got Tom fired.	учинио	0	0
Signalne lampice se koriste da se prenese Morzeova azbuka.	Signal lamps are used to transmit Morse code.	prenese	0	0
Takvo stanje stvari se ne može tolerisati.	Such a state of things cannot be put up with.	tolerisati	0	0
Juče je padao sneg.	It snowed yesterday.	padao	0	0
Prilično sam šokirana ovime.	I'm quite shocked by this.	šokirana	0	0
Kada povrediš druge, povređuješ i sebe.	When you hurt others, you also hurt yourself.	povređuješ	0	0
Често долазим овде.	I come here a lot.	долазим	0	0
Опростите ми.	Forgive me.	опростите	0	0
Tom je nosio farmerke i kaubojski šešir.	Tom wore jeans and a cowboy hat.	farmerke	0	0
Реци ми шта хоћеш за рођендан.	Tell me what you want for your birthday.	рођендан	0	0
На крају сам звала полицију.	I ended up calling the police.	полицију	0	0
Nasilni oblik kriminala se širi na prigradska naselja.	Violent crime spread into the suburbs.	naselja	0	0
Dobio sam 100 poena na ispitu iz matematike.	I scored 100 on the maths exam.	ispitu	0	0
Dokument je dospeo u neprijateljske ruke.	The document passed into the enemy's hands.	neprijateljske	0	0
Mislim da je tvoj plan previše ambiciozan.	I think your plan is too ambitious.	ambiciozan	0	0
Voleti i biti voljen je najveća sreća.	To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.	voljen	0	0
Ovi monasi žive u manastiru.	These monks live inside the monastery.	manastiru	0	0
Нисам морао да им дам новац.	I didn't have to give them any money.	дам	0	0
Sve su životinje jednake.	All animals are equal.	jednake	0	0
Том је отишао у пошту да пошаље пакет пријатељу.	Tom went to the post office to send a package to a friend.	пријатељу	0	0
Redovna upotreba agruma će smanjiti pore i osvežiti kožu.	Regular use of citrus fruit will shrink pores and make the skin feel fresh.	upotreba	0	0
Tom je imao trulo leto.	Tom had a rotten summer.	trulo	0	0
Свакако, хвала.	Thanks anyway.	свакако	0	0
Велику или малу?	Large or small?	велику	0	0
Besplatna biblioteka Haskel i Opera haus sagrađeni su na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	The Haskell Free Library and Opera House was built on the border between Canada and the United States.	haus	0	0
Majka ti je stavila kolaž na gornju policu.	Your mother put your collage in the top drawer.	policu	0	0
Секс се продаје.	Sex sells.	секс	0	0
Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	pokrenula	0	0
Пустите ме да се играм.	Let me play.	пустите	0	0
Mora da je primamljivo.	That must be tempting.	primamljivo	0	0
Brodski trup je oštećen.	The ship's hull is damaged.	brodski	0	0
Позвао сам Тому такси.	I got Tom a taxi.	такси	0	0
Буди кул.	Be cool.	кул	0	0
Ni sneg ni kiša ni toplota ni sumornost noći neće ove kurire zaustaviti u svojim obilascima.	Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.	toplota	0	0
Ово је први пут икад да радим нешто овако.	This is the first time I've ever done this kind of thing.	икад	0	0
Том је убијен у земљотресу.	Tom was killed in the earthquake.	убијен	0	0
Ja sam monah.	I am a monk.	monah	0	0
Слушајте овамо.	Listen up.	слушајте	0	0
Госпођа којој је испала чаша вина је изгледа посрамљено.	The lady who dropped her wineglass seemed embarrassed.	госпођа	0	0
Како се зовеш, молићу?	What's your name, please?	зовеш	0	0
У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	искрено	0	0
Никад нисам напустио свој стан.	I never left my apartment.	стан	0	0
Stvari bi možda ispale bolje da nisi otišao tamo.	Things might've turned out better if you hadn't gone there.	ispale	0	0
Jawbreaker je okrugla višeslojna bombona slično kao što je biser.	A jawbreaker is a round candy, multi-layered like a pearl.	bombona	0	0
"Ako P, onda Q" je logički ekvivalentno sa "(Ne P) i/ili Q".	"If P, then Q" is logically equivalent to "(Not P) and/or Q".	q	0	0
Само сачекај секунду.	Just wait a second.	сачекај	0	0
Naučnici veruju da pronalazak uvek dolazi kao grom iz vedra neba.	Researchers believe that discovery always comes like a bolt from the blue.	pronalazak	0	0
Веруј ми!	Believe me!	веруј	0	0
Osećam se kao da sam bačen u veliko ništavilo.	I feel as if I've been thrown into oblivion.	bačen	0	0
Za svakog muškog lika postoji ženska verzija.	For every given male character, there is a female version of that character.	muškog	0	0
Radim kao slobodni prevodilac.	I work as a freelancer translator.	prevodilac	0	0
Чврсто се држите.	Hold tight.	држите	0	0
Да сам на вашем месту, урадила бих нешто друго.	If I were you, I'd do something else.	вашем	0	0
Mogu da prestanu da se nadaju sve dok ne uspeju da primoraju kompaniju na neophodnu koncesiju.	Unless they manage to force the company to make the necessary concessions, they should give up hope.	uspeju	0	0
Том је уживао у школи.	Tom enjoyed school.	школи	0	0
Tri vojna lica su ubijena i tri povređena u eksploziji.	Three servicemen were killed and three were injured in the explosion.	eksploziji	0	0
Знамо да су две главе боље од једне.	We know that two heads are better than one.	главе	0	0
U Grčkoj ima puno ostrva.	There are many islands in Greece.	grčkoj	0	0
Samo probaj da ostaneš smirena.	Just try and stay calm.	smirena	0	0
Тому се одлази на журку.	Tom wants to go to the party.	одлази	0	0
Закључао сам врата за собом.	I locked the door behind me.	собом	0	0
Nadam se da će ti se sviđati.	I hope that you like it.	sviđati	0	0
Ona je prepoznala vrhunskog špijuna sa višestrukim identitetom kada mu je pala perika.	She recognized the master spy with multiple identities when his wig fell off.	perika	0	0
Лет на ком је Том можда буде каснио.	The plane that Tom is on could be late.	лет	0	0
Зашто ја нисам добила ништа?	Why didn't I get anything?	добила	0	0
Preskočio je baru.	He jumped across the puddle.	preskočio	0	0
Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	generalno	0	0
Priče Snorija Sturlusona govore pored ostalog o tome da se Hrišćanstvo u Norveškoj širilo nasiljem.	Snorri Sturluson's stories tells, among other things, how Christianity was spread in Norway by force.	nasiljem	0	0
Biblioteka je osamdeset godina stara.	The library is eighty years old.	osamdeset	0	0
Чекам на прави тренутак.	I'm waiting for the right moment.	чекам	0	0
Ćorsokak.	It's a dead give-away.	ćorsokak	0	0
Tom je se umešao među ljude sa kojima nikad nije trebalo da se meša.	Tom got involved with people he should never have gotten involved with.	umešao	0	0
Prevesti ili ne je moralni izbor prevodioca. Stvari nekad bolje zvuče ako ostanu takve kakve jesu u jeziku na kome su stvorene.	Whether to translate is a moral choice of the translator. Sometimes things are better to be left alone in the language which produced them.	prevesti	0	0
Том је стигао последњи.	Tom arrived last.	стигао	0	0
Мислим да Том покушава нешто да нам каже.	I think Tom is trying to tell us something.	покушава	0	0
Tom je bio izviđač.	Tom was a boy scout.	izviđač	0	0
Morali smo da odložimo sastanak.	We had to put off the meeting.	odložimo	0	0
Tom je i dalje neženja.	Tom is still a bachelor.	neženja	0	0
Бол је био толико јак да нисам могла да спавам.	The pain was so intense that I couldn't sleep.	бол	0	0
Да ли Тому смета?	Does Tom mind?	смета	0	0
Леп поглед, зар не?	It's a nice view, isn't it?	леп	0	0
Прихватио сам Томов поклон.	I accepted Tom's gift.	поклон	0	0
Molim te, šutni najjače što možeš.	Please kick as hard as you can.	najjače	0	0
Nemoj da olako donosiš zaključke.	Do not draw hasty conclusions.	zaključke	0	0
Pas sada laje.	A dog is barking now.	laje	0	0
Том и ја смо дали отказ.	Tom and I quit.	дали	0	0
U uspešnom pregovaranju obično pobeđuju obe strane, i niko se ne ponaša na način koji šteti sopstvenim dugoročnim interesima, iako često postoji mala margina oko čega se može pregovarati.	In a successful negotiation both parties usually win, and no one acts in a way that damages their own long-term interests, even though there is often a small margin that one can negotiate about.	šteti	0	0
Обично не причам ништа на нашим недељним састанцима.	I don't usually say anything at our weekly meetings.	нашим	0	0
On popravlja elektronske uređaje.	He repairs the electrical devices.	uređaje	0	0
Тек пре недељу дана сам стигла овде.	I got here only a week ago.	недељу	0	0
Napravio sam kompletnu budalu od sebe.	I made a complete fool of myself.	kompletnu	0	0
Brine me ovaj mladež.	I'm troubled by this mole.	mladež	0	0
Italija nije Grčka.	Italy isn't Greece.	grčka	0	0
Природа пружа разна средства за одржавање тела на једној те истој температури, и малтене је неопходно не нарушити овај баланс.	Nature provides various means for keeping the body at an even temperature, and it is most essential not to disturb this balance.	тела	0	0
Jedan je senator nazvao predsednika druge zemlje, oficirem stare obaveštajne službe koji bi želeo da povrati staru imperiju te zemlje.	One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.	obaveštajne	0	0
Пас је повукао поводац.	The dog pulled on the leash.	пас	0	0
Da bi promenio crveno meso, skuvao sam ćureće grudi u sosu od pečuraka za večeras.	For a bit of a change from red meat, for tonight I've cooked turkey breasts in mushroom sauce.	sosu	0	0
Vetar se smirio.	The wind has abated.	smirio	0	0
У којој си болници?	Which hospital are you in?	којој	0	0
Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	oslobođeni	0	0
У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	другим	0	0
Коштаће нас много новца да поставимо нов кров над кућом.	It'll cost us a lot of money to put a new roof on our house.	над	0	0
Отворите уста.	Open your mouth.	уста	0	0
Волим да вас гледам док плешете.	I love watching you dance.	гледам	0	0
Ako ne postoji pornić sa tim, pornić će biti napravljen sa tim.	If there is no porn of it, porn will be made of it.	pornić	0	0
Ovde je velika količina manjih grešaka i sitnog nerazumevanja koji iskrivljuju značenje originalne rečenice.	There are many minor mistakes and tiny misunderstandings here that distort the meaning of the original sentence.	manjih	0	0
Pratim te u koraku.	I'm on your tail.	koraku	0	0
Мислим да би свако требало да посети барем једну државу.	I think everyone should visit at least one other country.	барем	0	0
Fraza "dva čoveka" će zameniti frazu "muškarac i žena" u predlogu izmene zakona ne bi li se legalizovao brak između osoba istog pola u Austrilaiji.	The phrase "two people" will replace "a man and a woman" in the proposed bill to legalise same-sex marriage in Australia.	izmene	0	0
Знам где кријеш кључ.	I know where you hide your key.	кључ	0	0
Stvari nisu uvek onakve kakve se čine.	Things are not always what they seem.	onakve	0	0
Počni da brojiš.	Start counting.	brojiš	0	0
Nije se toliko pogoršalo.	It didn't get that bad.	pogoršalo	0	0
Знам да је веома тешко оставити цигарете.	I know it's very difficult to quit smoking.	оставити	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	kanap	0	0
Да ли Том воли италијанску храну?	Does Tom like Italian food?	храну	0	0
Ne treba se gađati kamenjem u staklenoj kući.	Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.	kamenjem	0	0
Sudija je osudio čoveka krivim za ubistvo.	The jury found the man guilty of murder.	osudio	0	0
Tom nas posećuje s vremena na vreme.	Tom comes to visit us every now and then.	posećuje	0	0
Ti otvaraš vrata.	You open the door.	otvaraš	0	0
Ја сам једанаестогодишњи дечак.	I'm an eleven-year-old boy.	дечак	0	0
Где су твоји шешири?	Where are your hats?	твоји	0	0
Tom i Marija su zajedno skočili sa Preikestolna sa padobranom. To je bilo kratak, ali magični doživljaj.	Tom and Mary once jumped together from Pulpit Rock with a parachute. It was a short but magical experience.	doživljaj	0	0
Snažni vetrovi su sinoć odlomili mnogo grana sa stabala.	The strong winds knocked down a lot of tree branches last night.	vetrovi	0	0
Lopov je ukrao dragulje sinoć.	The thief stole the jewels last night.	dragulje	0	0
Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	vrše	0	0
Tom je morao da pazi na svoje manire kada je prvi put upoznao Merine roditelje.	Tom had to mind his P's and Q's when he met Mary's parents for the first time.	manire	0	0
Takav je projekat naravno zahtevao rebalans budžeta.	Such a project has of course demanded a revised budget.	budžeta	0	0
Nemoj da se uplašiš.	Now don't be frightened.	uplašiš	0	0
Наши циљеви остају исти.	Our objectives remain the same.	наши	0	0
На радном столу је писмо.	There is a letter on the desk.	писмо	0	0
Том је синоћ коначно завршио рад на томе.	Tom finally finished doing that yesterday evening.	завршио	0	0
Kad god pronađem nešto što mi se dopadne, to je uvek preskupo.	Whenever I find something I like, it's too expensive.	dopadne	0	0
Samo da ne bude ni najmanje zabune da će nas ovo skupo koštati. Ali to je cena koju ćemo morati da platimo.	Let there be not even the slightest doubt that this will cost us dearly. But that is the price we'll have to pay.	zabune	0	0
Već sam sit, hvala.	I'm already full, thank you.	sit	0	0
Питао сам Тома шта није у реду, али није обраћао пажњу на мене.	I asked Tom what was wrong, but he ignored me.	пажњу	0	0
Džon i Marija uvek šetaju držeći se za ruke.	John and Mary always walk hand in hand.	šetaju	0	0
Svet je bio nasamom rubu nuklearnog rata tokom Kubanske raketne krize oktobra 1962.	The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.	nuklearnog	0	0
Reci svom sinu da prestane da maltretira moju ćerku.	Tell your son to quit harassing my daughter.	maltretira	0	0
Prestanite da se trudite da me napravite krivim.	Stop trying to make me feel guilty.	trudite	0	0
Fokusiran sam na posao.	I'm focusing on my job.	fokusiran	0	0
Имам неке слике које желим да ти покажем.	I have some pictures I want to show you.	слике	0	0
Večeras imam zakazan sastanak.	I have an appointment tonight.	zakazan	0	0
Можете ли да идете?	Could you leave?	идете	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	mentalne	0	0
Probajmo ovo.	Let's give this a shot.	probajmo	0	0
Radujem se tvojem pismu.	I'm looking forward to getting your letter.	tvojem	0	0
Kasno je zatvoriti vrata štale kad je konj već ukraden.	It's too late to shut the barn door after the horse is stolen.	štale	0	0
Ja sam početnik.	I'm a beginner.	početnik	0	0
Задивљена сам твојим постигнућима.	I'm impressed by your achievements.	твојим	0	0
Пас је веран свом господару.	The dog is faithful to its master.	господару	0	0
Učinio si nas ponosnim.	You've made us proud.	ponosnim	0	0
Позовите ме некад.	Call me sometime.	некад	0	0
Ne stavljaj laktove na sto.	Keep your elbows off the table.	stavljaj	0	0
Том је ухапшен због убиства и осуђен на смрт.	Tom was convicted of murder and sentenced to death.	убиства	0	0
Будите тачни.	Be punctual.	будите	0	0
Jesam li osumnjičena?	Am I a suspect?	osumnjičena	0	0
Изгубили сте.	You lost.	изгубили	0	0
Хеј ти, не бежи!	Hey you, don’t run!	бежи	0	0
Radim u Milanu.	I work in Milan.	milanu	0	0
Možete da formatirate i podešavate tabelu za unakrsne proračune, ubacite i koristite obične tabele, dijagrame, formule i funkcije.	You can format and customize a worksheet, and insert and use tables, charts, formulas and functions.	formule	0	0
Možeš li mi sačuvati nekoliko kolačića.	Could you save me a couple of cookies?	kolačića	0	0
Схватам.	I get it.	схватам	0	0
Javićemo vam čim budemo saznali.	We will contact you as soon as we know.	javićemo	0	0
Tom štedi da kupi jahtu.	Tom has been saving up to buy a yacht.	jahtu	0	0
Koliko taj sendvič ima kalorija?	How many calories are there in that sandwich?	kalorija	0	0
Дођите заједно.	Come together.	дођите	0	0
Нисам могао да скинем поглед са Мери.	I couldn't take my eyes off Mary.	поглед	0	0
Томов ум је, чини се, на неком другом месту.	Tom's mind seems to be somewhere else.	ум	0	0
Ја нисам мислио да ће се Том сетити свих наших имена.	I didn't think Tom would remember all our names.	имена	0	0
Više volim narandže od jabuka.	I prefer oranges to apples.	narandže	0	0
Osigurač je pregoreo.	The fuse has blown.	osigurač	0	0
Планираш ли да продаш ову слику?	Do you intend to sell this painting?	слику	0	0
Barak Obama je hrišćanin.	Barack Obama is a Christian.	obama	0	0
Ona je stekla sjajno iskustvo radeći u pozorištima.	She has valuable experience working in theaters.	stekla	0	0
Sramotiš nas.	You're embarrassing us.	sramotiš	0	0
Navuci zavese.	Please close the drapes.	navuci	0	0
Штета што Том не може да присуствује данашњем састанку.	It's too bad Tom couldn't attend today's meeting.	штета	0	0
Sa strašnim zakašnjenjem je avion Norwegian-a sa Hartsfilda-Džekson aerodroma u Atlanti za Oslo konačno mogao da se uputi za Norvešku u utorak veče.	A heavily delayed Norwegian airplane was able to finally depart from the Hartsfield-Jackson airport in Atlanta and head for Oslo on Tuesday night.	uputi	0	0
Апсолутно сам сигурна у то.	I'm absolutely sure of that.	апсолутно	0	0
Том ти даје другу шансу.	Tom is giving you a second chance.	даје	0	0
Načinio sam prvi korak.	I took the first step.	načinio	0	0
Umem da čitam razne strane jezike, ali ne govorim nijedan.	I read many foreign languages, but I don't speak any.	jezike	0	0
Ovaj sam se put suzdržao od komentarisanja mog voljenog prijatelja.	I restrained myself from commenting on my beloved friend this time.	voljenog	0	0
Ne gurajte.	Don't push.	gurajte	0	0
Дао сам Тому паре које је тражио.	I gave Tom the money he wanted.	паре	0	0
Sve mi je teže da se koncentrišem.	It's getting harder for me to concentrate.	koncentrišem	0	0
Добро дупе!	Nice ass!	дупе	0	0
Tom ima krizu srednjih godina.	Tom is going through a midlife crisis.	srednjih	0	0
Devojke su nosile suknje od trave i imale su cveće oko vrata.	The girls wore grass skirts and had flowers around their necks.	suknje	0	0
Свака част!	Nice job!	част	0	0
Da li je Tom obavešten?	Has Tom been informed?	obavešten	0	0
Он је дисао дубоко.	He breathed deeply.	дубоко	0	0
Соба није изгледала нарочито добро након што ју је Том окречио, јер прво није ни почистио зидове и плафон.	The room didn't look very good after Tom painted it, because he didn't even bother to wash the walls or ceiling first.	соба	0	0
Недостаје ми.	I miss him.	недостаје	0	0
Sve sam uredio.	I've got it all sorted.	uredio	0	0
Дозволите да вас представим.	Let me introduce you.	дозволите	0	0
Moj motocikl je nov.	My motorcycle is new.	motocikl	0	0
Princeza Marija je bila zarobljena od moćnog zmaja koji se zove Tom.	Princess Mary was captured by the powerful dragon named Tom.	moćnog	0	0
Tom se smejao ideji.	Tom laughed at the idea.	ideji	0	0
Moramo da manje trošimo!	We must consume less!	trošimo	0	0
Понашај се у складу с годинама.	Act your age.	годинама	0	0
Мртва сам гладна.	I'm starved.	мртва	0	0
Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	savezu	0	0
Ima mnogo saobraćaja na auto-putu.	There's a lot of traffic on the freeway.	saobraćaja	0	0
Možeš li da da javiš Tomu da sam navratio?	Could you tell Tom that I stopped by?	navratio	0	0
Том је пао.	Tom fell.	пао	0	0
Неки људи спавају више од других.	Some people sleep more than others.	других	0	0
Gde ćemo da se sastanemo?	Where are we going to meet?	sastanemo	0	0
U teškoj smo situaciji.	We have our backs to the wall.	teškoj	0	0
Грчка је стара земља.	Greece is an old country.	стара	0	0
Да ли Том зна правила?	Does Tom know the rules?	правила	0	0
Нико није знао да је Том тај који је донирао три милиона долара сиротилишту.	Nobody knew it was Tom who donated three million dollars to the orphanage.	милиона	0	0
Пут до мушког срца води преко његовог стомака.	The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.	његовог	0	0
Koliko ona ima telefonskih brojeva?	How many phone numbers has she got?	telefonskih	0	0
Tom je otrčao u šumu.	Tom ran into the woods.	otrčao	0	0
Gde mogu da nađem kancelariju za turiste?	Where can I find the tourist's office?	turiste	0	0
Sada je vreme za opuštanje.	It's now time to relax.	opuštanje	0	0
Покупићу Тома из школе.	I'm going to pick Tom up from school.	школе	0	0
Том је Мерин деда.	Tom is Mary's grandfather.	деда	0	0
Kada je napisao pismo, Tom ga je stavio u kovertu i zalepio je.	After writing the letter, Tom put it in an envelope and sealed it.	kovertu	0	0
Šetali smo kroz park.	We strolled through the park.	šetali	0	0
То нас се не тиче.	That doesn't concern us.	тиче	0	0
A sada reč od našeg sponzora.	And now a word from our sponsor.	sponzora	0	0
Večerao sam sa njom.	I had dinner with her.	večerao	0	0
Usvojen sam.	I'm adopted.	usvojen	0	0
Bezbednije je.	It's safer.	bezbednije	0	0
Izneverila si me.	You let me down.	izneverila	0	0
Tom nije bio zadovoljan rezultatima.	Tom was unsatisfied with the results.	rezultatima	0	0
Хвала, друштво.	Thank you, guys.	друштво	0	0
Ne umem da crtam dobro kao Tom.	I can't paint as well as Tom.	crtam	0	0
Zapanjen sam.	I'm astonished.	zapanjen	0	0
Merin entuzijazam za kurs je opao kada se njen omiljeni predavač odselio.	Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.	entuzijazam	0	0
Посетиоци су добродошли.	Visitors are welcome.	добродошли	0	0
Ona je reagovala na to.	She reacted to that.	reagovala	0	0
Да ли Том намерава да остане дуго?	Does Tom plan to stay long?	остане	0	0
Server ne radi.	The server is down.	server	0	0
Tom nije uspeo da iznese nijedan dokaz koji bi podržao njegovu izjavu.	Tom was unable to produce any evidence to support his statement.	podržao	0	0
U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	oraha	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	nezavisna	0	0
Nastavnica nam je objasnila šta je pesnik hteo da kaže.	The teacher explained to us the meaning of the poem.	nastavnica	0	0
Prevesti ili ne je moralni izbor prevodioca. Stvari nekad bolje zvuče ako ostanu takve kakve jesu u jeziku na kome su stvorene.	Whether to translate is a moral choice of the translator. Sometimes things are better to be left alone in the language which produced them.	moralni	0	0
Kraljevsko venšanje je bilo veliki spektakl.	The royal wedding was a great spectacle.	kraljevsko	0	0
Hajde da probamo da ostanemo smireni.	Let's try and stay calm.	smireni	0	0
Možemo da gledamo Toma u odelu, za crnim velikim klavirom sa dramatičnim potezima prstiju, stvarajući muziku koja je vrlo prijatno slušati.	We can look at a suit-clad Tom at a black grand piano, moving his fingers dramatically, creating music that is very pleasant to listen to.	stvarajući	0	0
Није само наш избор.	It is just our choice.	избор	0	0
Ne pomerajte se!	Don't move!	pomerajte	0	0
Желела бих да знам како си то урадила.	I'd like to ask you how you did that.	желела	0	0
Tom mi je pomogao da uštedim koji dinar tako što mi je rekao za jeftinije mesto gde se to može kupiti.	Tom helped save me a few bucks by telling me about a cheaper place to buy one.	dinar	0	0
Limun sadrži limunsku kiselinu.	Lemons contain citric acid.	kiselinu	0	0
Nemoj da se pomeraš!	Don't move!	pomeraš	0	0
Изгледаш глупо.	You look stupid.	глупо	0	0
Dozvoli mi da ti pomognem da izbegneš neke probleme.	Let me save you some trouble.	izbegneš	0	0
Музика је универзална.	Music is universal.	музика	0	0
Овде нема ни живе душе.	Not a soul is here.	живе	0	0
Разговор о овоме нас неће одвести нигде.	Discussing the matter won't get us anywhere.	нигде	0	0
Nezgodu je snimio posmatrač.	The incident happened to be captured on video by a bystander.	posmatrač	0	0
Ja nisam ćelav.	I'm not bald.	ćelav	0	0
Imam loš mamurluk.	I've got a bad hangover.	mamurluk	0	0
Губи се одавде, брзо!	Get out of here, fast!	губи	0	0
Bez alata nema zanata.	You can't make bricks without straw.	alata	0	0
Tom će napredovati.	Tom'll improve.	napredovati	0	0
U velikom stepenu je ljudska aktivnost doprinela poremećaju prirodnih balansa.	To a large degree, human activity has contributed to upsetting nature's balances.	prirodnih	0	0
U šahu postoje situacije u kojima se isplati da se žrtvuje figura da se stekne prednost na dugi rok.	In chess, there are situations where it pays off to sacrifice a piece to gain an advantage over the long term.	žrtvuje	0	0
Знање је моћ.	Knowledge is power.	моћ	0	0
Odspavaj malo.	Take a nap.	odspavaj	0	0
Виде ли Томову нову тетоважу?	Have you seen Tom's new tattoo?	нову	0	0
Merin entuzijazam za kurs je opao kada se njen omiljeni predavač odselio.	Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.	odselio	0	0
Jesi li završila sa pranjem sudova?	Have you finished washing the dishes?	sudova	0	0
Mraz je naneo veliku štetu usevima.	The frost did much harm to the crops.	naneo	0	0
Ovo je najgluplja stvar koju sam ikada izgovorio.	That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.	najgluplja	0	0
Članovi Unije će danas glasati da li da sprovedu industrijske mere.	Union members will vote today on whether to take industrial action.	unije	0	0
Meseci sa najviše kiše su maj, juni, juli i avgust.	The months with the most rain are May, June, July and August.	juli	0	0
Daj da ti zapišem uputstvo.	Let me write down the directions for you.	zapišem	0	0
Ovo je bez svake sumnje za mene krajnje neprijatna situacija.	This is, without a doubt, an embarrassing situation for me.	neprijatna	0	0
Мораш лош да вежбаш.	You need to practice more.	лош	0	0
Trajaće čitavu večnost.	This is going to take forever.	trajaće	0	0
Недеља је тек почела.	The week's just getting started.	недеља	0	0
Вечера је спремна.	Dinner is ready.	спремна	0	0
Ovo je bilo prefinjeno i oličeno u ličnosti tako čudnoj, krutoj i tvrdoglavoj da se malo ko usuđivao da blisko sarađuje sa njim.	This was refined and embodied in a personality so weird, rigid and stubborn that very few dared to closely work with him.	blisko	0	0
Kanada nije raj.	Canada's no paradise.	kanada	0	0
Za mene je ovde previše bučno.	It's too noisy here for me.	bučno	0	0
Kako ste prošli na testu iz biologije?	How did you do on your biology test?	biologije	0	0
Treba mi šišanje.	I need a haircut.	šišanje	0	0
Већ сам радила то неколико пута.	I have already done this several times.	радила	0	0
Da li mi, ljudi, možemo da varimo travu i da izvlačimo hranjive sastojke iz nje?	Can we humans digest grass and obtain nourishment from it?	sastojke	0	0
U teoriji, ne postoji razlika između teorije i prakse. Ali, u praksi postoji.	In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.	praksi	0	0
Svečena večera se održala u Beloj kući.	The official dinner took place at the White House.	održala	0	0
Postoji opasnost od ozbiljnih povreda ukoliko se ove mere predostrožnosti ne ispoštuju.	There is a danger of serious injury if these precautions are not followed.	predostrožnosti	0	0
Пут до мушког срца води преко његовог стомака.	The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.	срца	0	0
Зови полицију.	Call the police.	зови	0	0
Kraljevsko venšanje je bilo veliki spektakl.	The royal wedding was a great spectacle.	spektakl	0	0
Ко је сада на спрату изнад?	Who's upstairs now?	изнад	0	0
Tom i Meri uživaju u šetnji duž puta hodočašća u Francuskoj.	Tom and Mary are enjoying a walk along the pilgrims' trail in France.	šetnji	0	0
Indija je sedma zemlja na svetu po veličini.	India is the seventh largest country in the world.	sedma	0	0
Јел' ово има смисла?	Does this make sense?	смисла	0	0
Na vama je da izaberete.	It's for you to choose.	izaberete	0	0
Izluđuješ me.	You drive me crazy.	izluđuješ	0	0
Nikad nije trebalo te da poslušam.	I never should've listened to you.	poslušam	0	0
Скрените лево на следећем углу.	Turn left at the next corner.	лево	0	0
Прошло је пуно времена откако сам радио то.	It's been a long time since we've done that.	прошло	0	0
Najveći izazov sa kojim će se projekat suočiti jeste dostupnost radnika sa sposobnostima koje su potrebne da bi projekat doživeo procvat.	The biggest challenge to the project will be the availability of workers with the skills required to bring it to fruition.	sposobnostima	0	0
Veoma malo ljudi zna svoju krvnu grupu.	Very few people know what their blood group is.	krvnu	0	0
Leti nosim majice sa kratkim rukavima.	I wear short-sleeve shirts in the summer.	kratkim	0	0
Tom se potpisao na koricama svog novog dnevnika.	Tom wrote his name on the cover of his new diary.	dnevnika	0	0
Tom je izgledao ljuto.	Tom seemed a bit angry.	ljuto	0	0
Пођи овуда.	Walk this way.	овуда	0	0
Naporan rad se isplatio.	The hard work paid off.	isplatio	0	0
Pusti mašti na volju.	Let your imagination run wild.	mašti	0	0
Јесмо ли спремни за полазак?	Are we ready to go?	јесмо	0	0
Sišli smo sa voza.	We got off the train.	sišli	0	0
Hajde da ručamo ovde.	Let's have lunch here.	ručamo	0	0
Питам се да ли ће ми Том дозволити да данас изађем раније.	I wonder if Tom would let me leave early today.	дозволити	0	0
Popravili smo neka oštećenja izazvana prskanjem kamenja na tvom automobili.	We have fixed some damage from rocks flying onto your car.	popravili	0	0
Pucaću.	I'll shoot.	pucaću	0	0
Postoji opasnost od ozbiljnih povreda ukoliko se ove mere predostrožnosti ne ispoštuju.	There is a danger of serious injury if these precautions are not followed.	ozbiljnih	0	0
Развела се од мужа.	She divorced her husband.	мужа	0	0
Навикнут сам на такве ситуације.	I'm used to such situations.	такве	0	0
Nemoj da se dereš.	Don't scream.	dereš	0	0
Сваки дан је нов почетак.	Every day is a new beginning.	почетак	0	0
Gadi mi se sve ovo.	I'm disgusted by all this.	gadi	0	0
On je čovek sa mnogo talenata.	He is a man of many talents.	talenata	0	0
Стигла је последња.	She came last.	последња	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	izdanju	0	0
Ne zaboravi da napišeš poštanski broj.	Don't forget to write the zip code.	poštanski	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	porciju	0	0
Imaš li omiljenog?	Do you have a favorite?	omiljenog	0	0
Moraš da se fokusiraš na svoje vrline.	You need to focus on your strengths.	vrline	0	0
Први корак је најтежи.	The first step is the hardest.	корак	0	0
Изволи, реци шта имаш.	Go ahead and speak your piece.	изволи	0	0
Браво!	Bravo!	браво	0	0
Iznervirao sam ga.	I pissed him off.	iznervirao	0	0
Posle tišine, ono što najbolje može izraziti neizrecivo je muzika.	After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.	izraziti	0	0
Dirnut sam.	I'm touched.	dirnut	0	0
Nasilni kriminalci su često bili siledžije u detinjstvu.	Violent criminals were often bullies in childhood.	siledžije	0	0
Tom štedi da bi mogao da ide u inostranstvo.	Tom is saving money so he can go abroad.	inostranstvo	0	0
To ne zvuči baš ubedljivo, ali ja ti verujem.	That doesn't sound really convincing, but I trust you.	ubedljivo	0	0
Том је живи доказ да не морате бити паметни да би били успешни.	Tom's living proof that you don't have to have brains to be successful.	доказ	0	0
Ženski šifonjer nije potpun bez male crne haljine.	A woman's wardrobe isn't complete without a little black dress.	potpun	0	0
Osećam li sarkazam?	Do I detect sarcasm?	sarkazam	0	0
Nisam želeo da razočaram svoje roditelje.	I didn't want to disappoint my parents.	razočaram	0	0
Da li si fan bejzbola?	Are you a baseball fan?	bejzbola	0	0
Postavljamo pitanja učetelju svakog dana.	We ask the teacher questions every day.	postavljamo	0	0
Прочитао сам књигу о којој је Том причао.	I've read the book Tom was talking about.	причао	0	0
Томов ум је, чини се, на неком другом месту.	Tom's mind seems to be somewhere else.	неком	0	0
Кладим се да ће цена нафте да порасте.	I bet the price of oil will go up.	кладим	0	0
Evropljani su stekli prednost nad drugim civilizacijama pre 500 godina.	Europeans gained an advantage over all other civilizations 500 years ago.	stekli	0	0
Карте, молим.	Tickets, please.	карте	0	0
Очекујем бебу.	I'm expecting.	бебу	0	0
Bila je to prezentacija koja godi publici.	It was the type of presentation which appeals to the audience.	prezentacija	0	0
Kada su doživeli Francusku revoluciju, građani su postali slobodni ljudi, oslobođeni tradicija i crkve, hvalili su slobodu, jednakost i bratstvo.	When they experienced the French Revolution, citizens became free people, detached from their traditions and the church; they praised Liberty, Equality and Fraternity.	doživeli	0	0
Uplašena sam nasmrt.	It scared me to death.	nasmrt	0	0
Да те не познајем добро, рекао бих да кријеш нешто.	If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were hiding something.	познајем	0	0
Нисам успео да извучем никакве додатне информације из Тома.	I couldn't get any more information out of Tom.	информације	0	0
Срећан Божић!	Happy Christmas!	божић	0	0
Шта највише волиш да радиш?	What are your favorite things to do?	највише	0	0
Да ли мислите да имамо шансу?	Do you think we have a chance?	шансу	0	0
Slavim.	I'm celebrating.	slavim	0	0
Tom zna da se više od 91 odsto Norveškog stanovništva snadbeva pijaćom vodom iz površinskih izvora.	Tom knows that more than 91 per cent of the Norwegian population is supplied with potable water from surface water sources.	stanovništva	0	0
Нашла сам те.	I found you.	нашла	0	0
On voli pomorandže.	He likes oranges.	pomorandže	0	0
Žao mi je ako sam vas razočarala.	I'm sorry if I disappointed you.	razočarala	0	0
Два момка су истрчала из собе.	Two boys came running out of the room.	момка	0	0
Донео сам Тому неке балоне.	I bought Tom some balloons.	донео	0	0
Да ли ти се свиђају њене песме?	Do you like her songs?	њене	0	0
Уопште ми није био симпатичан Том када сам га упознао.	I didn't like Tom at all the first time that I met him.	упознао	0	0
Posle zemljotresa, retko koaj kuća se nije srušila.	After the earthquake, hardly any houses remained standing.	zemljotresa	0	0
Можемо ли да причамо овде?	Can we talk here?	причамо	0	0
Том гледа ТВ.	Tom watches TV.	гледа	0	0
Gadiš mi se.	You're making me sick.	gadiš	0	0
Ono što Tom predlaže bi svima nama moglo da uštedi vreme.	What Tom suggested should save us all a little time.	predlaže	0	0
To je kristalno jasno.	It's as clear as crystal.	kristalno	0	0
Tom se prigušeno nasmejao.	Tom stifled a grin.	nasmejao	0	0
Није готово док се не заврши.	It ain't over till it's over.	заврши	0	0
Oni žive na visokoj nozi.	They're eating high on the hog.	visokoj	0	0
Честитам!	Bravo!	честитам	0	0
Ja sam trkač.	I'm a runner.	trkač	0	0
Naučnici veruju da pronalazak uvek dolazi kao grom iz vedra neba.	Researchers believe that discovery always comes like a bolt from the blue.	vedra	0	0
Ја нисам мислио да ће се Том сетити свих наших имена.	I didn't think Tom would remember all our names.	наших	0	0
Колико људи знаш да се зову Том?	How many people do you know who are named Tom?	зову	0	0
Desiće se loše stvari.	Bad things will happen.	desiće	0	0
Том је веома забринут за здравље своје мајке.	Tom is very worried about his wife's health.	мајке	0	0
Trebalo bi da vežeš psa lancem da ne bi ugrizao nekog.	You should chain the dog up, so he won't bite anyone.	vežeš	0	0
Tom je iscedio peškir i okačio ga da se osuši.	Tom wrung out the towel and hung it up to dry.	osuši	0	0
Olizala je kašiku.	She licked the spoon.	kašiku	0	0
Ona govori poljski.	She speaks Polish.	poljski	0	0
То је само вода.	It's just water.	вода	0	0
Нисам гледао ниједан његов филм.	I haven't seen any of his films.	гледао	0	0
Прати његов пример.	Follow his example.	пример	0	0
Prestravljena sam.	I'm terrified.	prestravljena	0	0
Мој отац је увек говорио да небо помаже онима који помажу сами себи.	My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.	говорио	0	0
Siguran sam da ćete dobro da prođete.	I'm sure you'll do well.	prođete	0	0
Zapisala sam šta je Tom rekao.	I wrote down what Tom said.	zapisala	0	0
Шеф се надмено понашао током целог месеца.	The boss has been on his high horse all month long.	шеф	0	0
Умрла сам.	I died.	умрла	0	0
Ima li Tom kablovsku?	Does Tom have cable?	kablovsku	0	0
Tom me je pozvao da mi kaže da neće biti da današnjem sastanku.	Tom called to say he wouldn't be at today's meeting.	današnjem	0	0
Trebalo je da ignorišem Tomov savet.	I shouldn't have ignored Tom's advice.	ignorišem	0	0
Ko danas predvodi sastanak?	Who's chairing the meeting today?	predvodi	0	0
Извини. Тренутно сам заузет.	Sorry. I'm busy right now.	тренутно	0	0
Većina se plaši da postavi sebi veliki cilj iz straha da ga nikada neće dostići.	Most people are afraid to set a high goal for fear of not achieving it.	dostići	0	0
Sinoć smo se ljubili.	We kissed last night.	ljubili	0	0
Прати ме.	Please follow me.	прати	0	0
Tom je samo lenj.	Tom is just plain lazy.	lenj	0	0
Ne zaboravi da se namažeš kremom za sunčanje.	Don't forget to put on sunscreen.	sunčanje	0	0
Том је издао своје пријатеље.	Tom betrayed his friends.	пријатеље	0	0
Kišna sezona počinje u junu.	Rainy season begins in June.	junu	0	0
Ako nalog već postoji, funkcionisaće sistem kojim možete da primate i šaljete email.	If there is already an account, there is a system by which you are able to send and receive email.	šaljete	0	0
Meri provodi mnogo vremena na telefonu, šaljući poruke i mejlove prijateljima.	Mary spends a lot of time on her phone, texting and e-mailing her friends.	mejlove	0	0
Oni su učitelji.	They are teachers.	učitelji	0	0
Ударио сам Тома.	I struck Tom.	ударио	0	0
Mogu li da te ispratim kući?	Can I walk you home?	ispratim	0	0
Стварно радије не бих да радим то.	I'd really rather not do that.	радије	0	0
Probudio sam se pre sat vremena i u međuvremenu sam oprao zube, umio se i obrijao se, i uradio jutarnju gimnastiku.	I got up an hour ago and in the meantime I've brushed my teeth, washed and shaved myself and done my morning gymnastics.	obrijao	0	0
Bilo je to toplo letnje veče.	It was a warm summer evening.	letnje	0	0
Ko živi u susednoj kući?	Who lives in the house next door?	susednoj	0	0
Loše vreme me je sprečilo da odem.	The bad weather prevented me from leaving.	sprečilo	0	0
Samo je trebalo da se opustimo.	We just needed to relax.	opustimo	0	0
У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	таква	0	0
Сви ћете ми течно причати француски у року од једне године.	I'll have you all speaking fluent French within a year.	једне	0	0
Ti si nadaren za muziku.	You have a gift for music.	nadaren	0	0
Obe moje sestre su nastavnici.	Both of my sisters are teachers.	nastavnici	0	0
Заустави их!	Stop them!	заустави	0	0
Nemamo mnogo posetilaca ovde dole.	We don't get many visitors down here.	posetilaca	0	0
Надам се да сте уживали у нашем програму.	I hope you enjoyed our program.	нашем	0	0
Полиција је Томову кућу претраживала три сата, али ништа нису пронашли.	The police searched Tom's house for three hours, but they didn't find anything.	пронашли	0	0
Ne želim da odrastem.	I don't want to grow up.	odrastem	0	0
To je greška u pisanju.	It's a slip of the pen.	pisanju	0	0
Дефинитивно ми не треба ниједан такав.	I definitely don't need one of those.	дефинитивно	0	0
Покушај поново.	Try again.	покушај	0	0
Da li me voliš? – upitao je.	He asked, "Do you love me?"	upitao	0	0
Tom ga je blisko ispitao.	Tom examined it closely.	ispitao	0	0
Šargarepe koštaju tri dolara.	Carrots cost three dollars.	šargarepe	0	0
Možemo li da se složimo da se ne slažemo?	Can't we just agree to disagree?	složimo	0	0
Том умре.	Tom dies.	умре	0	0
Имам један последњи задатак за тебе као твој председник, исту ствар коју сам те питао када си се уздао у мене пре осам година. Тражим од тебе да верујеш, не у моју способност да донесем промену, већ у своју.	I do have one final ask of you as your president, the same thing I asked when you took a chance on me eight years ago. I'm asking you to believe, not in my ability to bring about change but in yours.	председник	0	0
Чекај ме. Враћам се убрзо.	Wait for me. I'll be back soon.	враћам	0	0
Убили су Тома јутрос мало после 2:30.	Tom was killed just after 2:30 this morning.	убили	0	0
Izbeglice su dobrodošle.	Refugees are welcome.	izbeglice	0	0
Свака част.	Well done.	свака	0	0
Ole, najstarija jegulja na svetu, je upravo uginula. Imao je približno 150 godina.	Åle, the world's oldest eel, just died. He was approximately 150 years old.	ole	0	0
Misliš li da je moguće položiti sve ispite?	Do you think it's possible to pass all the exams?	položiti	0	0
Lejla ima širok krug prijatelja.	Layla had a large circle of friends.	lejla	0	0
Бирај пажљиво.	Choose carefully.	пажљиво	0	0
Plaši me večna tišina sa ovih beskonačnih prostora.	The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me.	večna	0	0
Slomljeni su.	They're broken.	slomljeni	0	0
Ово је слика.	This is a picture.	слика	0	0
Баци све.	Drop everything.	баци	0	0
Овом градун требају уске улице.	This city has narrow streets.	требају	0	0
On je vrlo obrazovan.	He is very learned.	obrazovan	0	0
Здраво, госпођице!	Hello Miss!	госпођице	0	0
У Бостону сам дуги низ година.	I've been in Boston for many years.	низ	0	0
Хоћу чамац који ће ме одвести далеко одавде.	I want a boat that will take me far away from here.	одвести	0	0
Иако је Том рекао Мери за проблем који има, није хтео да слуша савете која је имала о његовом решавању.	Even though Tom told Mary about his problem, he didn't want to listen to any advice she had on how to solve it.	његовом	0	0
Tom je presekao traku.	Tom cut the tape.	presekao	0	0
Gradsko veće je izglasalo da izdvoji jedan milion za preliminarne inžinjerske radove na novom pozorištu u Bergenu.	The City Council voted to grant one million for the preliminary engineering work on the new theater in Bergen.	gradsko	0	0
To je rizik koji moramo da preuzmemo.	It's a risk we have to take.	preuzmemo	0	0
Jezička forma se vremenom menja.	The form of language changes over time.	forma	0	0
Sa strašnim zakašnjenjem je avion Norwegian-a sa Hartsfilda-Džekson aerodroma u Atlanti za Oslo konačno mogao da se uputi za Norvešku u utorak veče.	A heavily delayed Norwegian airplane was able to finally depart from the Hartsfield-Jackson airport in Atlanta and head for Oslo on Tuesday night.	atlanti	0	0
Том је полицајац.	Tom is a policeman.	полицајац	0	0
Pokušao sam da nagovorim Toma da dođe kući.	I tried to talk Tom into coming home.	nagovorim	0	0
Нема потребе да се плашиш Тома.	There's no need to be afraid of Tom.	потребе	0	0
Brak između osoba istog pola je sada legalan u 20 zemalja, uključujući Irsku od juče.	Same sex marriage is now legal in 20 countries worldwide, including Ireland as of yesterday.	irsku	0	0
Киша је престала да пада.	It stopped raining.	пада	0	0
Tom je obišao svet nekoliko puta.	Tom's been around the world and back several times.	obišao	0	0
Ne mogu da verujem da nisi prepoznao rođenog brata.	I can't believe you didn't recognize your own brother.	rođenog	0	0
Možete li da mi dodate vodu, molim vas?	Could you pass me the water, please?	dodate	0	0
Самију фали нека даска у глави.	Sami is not right in the head.	глави	0	0
Sipao sam mleko u čašu i popio sam ga.	I poured some milk into a glass, and I drank it.	sipao	0	0
Populacija Švedske raste.	Sweden's population is growing.	populacija	0	0
Имам један последњи задатак за тебе као твој председник, исту ствар коју сам те питао када си се уздао у мене пре осам година. Тражим од тебе да верујеш, не у моју способност да донесем промену, већ у своју.	I do have one final ask of you as your president, the same thing I asked when you took a chance on me eight years ago. I'm asking you to believe, not in my ability to bring about change but in yours.	задатак	0	0
Siguran sam da me je Tom pomešao sa mojim bratom.	I'm sure that Tom mistook me for my brother.	pomešao	0	0
Nemojte da odgovarate.	Don't respond.	odgovarate	0	0
Употребићу оно што си ми дала.	I'm going to use what you give me.	дала	0	0
Tokom vedrih dana, vidimo planinu Fuđi u daljini.	On a clear day, we can see Mt. Fuji in the distance.	daljini	0	0
Nikad nisam bio vernik Hrišćanstva.	I was never a believer of Christianity.	vernik	0	0
Океј сам.	I'm OK.	океј	0	0
Да ли Том стварно брине?	Does Tom really care?	брине	0	0
Tom je imao drugara iz Australije kome je isao nekoliko puta mesečno.	Tom used to have a penpal in Australia that he wrote to several times a month.	isao	0	0
Bob se hvalio o svom velikom brodu.	Bob bragged about his big boat.	hvalio	0	0
Još ispitujem.	I'm still looking into it.	ispitujem	0	0
Капетан Џексон је предводио напад.	Captain Jackson led the attack.	капетан	0	0
Delujem li obično srećno?	Do I usually seem happy?	delujem	0	0
Боли ме глава.	My head aches.	глава	0	0
Упознао сам Тома док смо обојица били у затвору.	I met Tom while we were both in jail.	затвору	0	0
Оставите све.	Leave everything.	оставите	0	0
Бићеш потпуно безбедна.	You'll be absolutely safe.	бићеш	0	0
Tom sada upozorava da će volja njegovog oca verovatno biti izvršena u potpunosti.	Tom now warns that his father's will will probably be carried out completely.	izvršena	0	0
Позвао сам своје пријатеље.	I called my friends.	позвао	0	0
Shvatam da su oni trn u oku takvima kao ti, ali ovo je samo bedno.	I understand that they are a thorn in the eye to people like you, but this is simply pathetic.	trn	0	0
Tom je ugovorio termin.	Tom made an appointment.	ugovorio	0	0
Gluv i nem sam dok jedem.	I'm deaf and mute while I'm eating.	nem	0	0
Сећам се свих својих наставника.	I remember all my teachers.	својих	0	0
Том и ја нисмо имали избора.	Tom and I didn't have a choice.	избора	0	0
Ko čeka, dočeka.	Everything comes to him who waits.	dočeka	0	0
Том је био узбуђен због онога што је следило.	Tom was excited about what was going to happen.	онога	0	0
Prekoračio sam limit na svim kreditnim karticama.	All my credit cards are maxed out.	limit	0	0
Izgleda da se vetar pojačava.	It looks like the wind's picking up.	pojačava	0	0
Имам клијенте са којима морам да се видим.	I have clients to see.	којима	0	0
Zakasniću.	I will be late.	zakasniću	0	0
Том је био ратник током рата.	Tom was a soldier during the war.	рата	0	0
Živeću.	I'll live.	živeću	0	0
Zašto zečevi imaju velike uši?	Why do rabbits have big ears?	zečevi	0	0
Zaglavilo se.	It's stuck.	zaglavilo	0	0
Kakav je bio hotel u kojem ste odseli?	How was the hotel you stayed at?	odseli	0	0
Нисам извукла никакве додатне информације из Тома.	I didn't get any more information out of Tom.	никакве	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	štampi	0	0
Da li je istina da ćeš da studiraš u Bostonu?	Is it true that you're going to study in Boston?	studiraš	0	0
Zašto si toliko paranoična?	Why are you so paranoid?	paranoična	0	0
Uspavao sam se.	I overslept.	uspavao	0	0
Svesrdno podržavam vaše komentare.	I support your comments wholeheartedly.	komentare	0	0
Не улази.	Keep out.	улази	0	0
Том ми је рекао да ће се ово десити.	Tom told me this would happen.	десити	0	0
Покушавам да освојим њено срце.	I'm trying to conquer her heart.	њено	0	0
Већина жена уме да ушије дугме или направи шав; шивење је, заправо, више женствени инстикт него уметност.	Most women can sew on a button or run up a seam; sewing, in fact, is regarded rather as a feminine instinct than an art.	већина	0	0
И живели су срећно до краја живота.	And they all lived happily ever after.	живели	0	0
Bolje da sad počistim.	I'd better clean up now.	počistim	0	0
Manjak sna je uticao na pevačev učinak.	A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.	uticao	0	0
Морам да те замолим за услугу.	I have a favour to ask of you.	услугу	0	0
Ова година је била прилично лоша за нашу компанију.	This has been a pretty bad year for our company.	лоша	0	0
I sad, kad se setim svega što sam iskusio, zaista sam naučio puno toga.	And now, looking back on the experience, I really learned a lot.	iskusio	0	0
Погледао је около.	He looked around.	около	0	0
Знам да ћу направити грешке.	I know that I'll make mistakes.	направити	0	0
On je bio čovek koji nikada nije oklevao da se suprotstavi.	He was a man who never hesitated to disagree.	suprotstavi	0	0
Zapravo uopšte nisam morao da se odmaram, ali nisam ni želeo da odmah nastavim sa putovanjima, jer sam bio zanesem velikom radoznalošću.	I did not actually need to rest at all, but nor did I wish to continue my travels right away, for I had become enthralled by great curiosity.	putovanjima	0	0
Dalek je put od zavisnosti od nafte do društva zasnovanog na obnovljivoj energiji.	There is a long way from oil dependence to a renewable energy society.	dalek	0	0
Питер воли Џејн.	Peter loves Jane.	џејн	0	0
Том не мисли ни на ког сем на себе самог.	Tom thinks of nobody but himself.	ког	0	0
Svila je skupa.	Silk is expensive.	svila	0	0
Poznavanje stranih jezika je korisno za svakoga.	Knowledge of foreign languages is useful for everyone.	stranih	0	0
Покажи ми фотке!	Show me the photos!	покажи	0	0
Toma su žestoko prebili.	Tom was severely beaten.	prebili	0	0
Mašta je važnija od znanja. Znanje je ograničeno.	Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited.	ograničeno	0	0
То је ново.	It's new.	ново	0	0
Odmaram noge.	I'm resting my legs.	odmaram	0	0
То ти је цела мудрост!	Bob's your uncle.	цела	0	0
Verovatno do periodičnog pojavljivanje besnila dolazi jer plutajući led sa Sibira može da nosi polarne lisice na njima.	Rabies is probably introduced periodically by polar foxes on drift ice from Siberia.	pojavljivanje	0	0
Ne ide dalje od Glavne Ulice, ali odatle možeš da hvataš broj 31.	It only goes as far as Main Street, but you can get the Number 31 there.	hvataš	0	0
Скочите у страну!	Jump aside!	страну	0	0
Bled si kao krpa.	You are as white as a sheet.	krpa	0	0
Nikad nije preboleo smrt svog sina.	He never recovered from the death of his son.	preboleo	0	0
Tom je preklinjao Meri da ništa ne kaže njegovim roditeljima.	Tom begged Mary not to say anything to his parents.	preklinjao	0	0
Уђи!	Come on in!	уђи	0	0
Dopusti meni da se postaram za ovo.	Let me take care of this.	postaram	0	0
Немате бриге.	No worries.	немате	0	0
Tom je kupio Meri prsten večnosti kao dokaz svoje neumiruće ljubavi prema njoj.	Tom bought an eternity ring for Mary, as a token of his undying love for her.	večnosti	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	balans	0	0
Ne slažemo se dobro sa komšijama.	We don't get along well with our neighbors.	komšijama	0	0
Tom je pomogao Mariji da obuče kaput.	Tom helped Mary put her coat on.	mariji	0	0
Ovo su korisne informacije.	This is useful information.	korisne	0	0
Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	napredovanje	0	0
Спусти тај нож.	Put that knife down.	спусти	0	0
U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	grožđa	0	0
Tom je izašao iz limuzine.	Tom got out of the limo.	limuzine	0	0
Na sledećoj raskrsnici skrenite desno.	Turn right at the next intersection.	raskrsnici	0	0
Osam najboljih igrača su preživeli deveti dan takmičenja.	The top eight players survived the ninth day of the tournament.	deveti	0	0
Infracrveni i ultraljubičasti zraci su vrste svetlosti nevidljive ljudskom oku.	Infrared and ultra-violet rays are types of light invisible to the human eye.	zraci	0	0
Možeš da apgrejduješ svoj računar sa više RAM memorije da ubrzaš svoj PC.	You can upgrade your computer with more random access memory to make the PC faster.	memorije	0	0
Знао сам да ћу те пронаћи.	I knew I'd find you.	пронаћи	0	0
Samo sam bio prezauzet.	I've just been too busy.	prezauzet	0	0
Sedenje po ceo dan i gledanje u ekran računara je loše za tebe.	Sitting down all day and looking at a computer screen is bad for you.	računara	0	0
Probaćemo ponovo kasnije.	We'll try again later.	probaćemo	0	0
Uzeo sam tri tablete za prehladu pre nego što sam legao.	I took three cold tablets before I lay down.	prehladu	0	0
Nemoj da skačeš!	Don't jump!	skačeš	0	0
Molimo vas, čitajte između redova.	Please read between the lines.	čitajte	0	0
Problem je što je preskupo.	The problem is in that it's too expensive.	preskupo	0	0
Ona se razvela od muža.	She divorced her husband.	razvela	0	0
Nemojte da pevate.	Don't sing.	pevate	0	0
I ranije sam grešio.	I've been wrong before.	grešio	0	0
Pobunjenici su saboritali prugu.	The rebels sabotaged the railroad.	prugu	0	0
Да ли си ме звао јуче ујутру?	Did you phone me yesterday morning?	ујутру	0	0
Молим те, склони се.	Please step aside.	склони	0	0
Molim te, šutni najjače što možeš.	Please kick as hard as you can.	šutni	0	0
Наивно је веровати у то.	It's naive to believe in that.	веровати	0	0
Otrovala je svog muža.	She poisoned her husband.	otrovala	0	0
Он мисли својом главом.	He is a freethinker.	својом	0	0
Otupela, bezosećajna deca mogu nekada da odrastu u sociopate.	Callous, unemotional children can sometimes become adult sociopaths.	odrastu	0	0
Одједном сам се много уморио.	Suddenly I felt very tired.	одједном	0	0
Прешао сам преко моста колима.	I drove across the bridge.	колима	0	0
Tom je želeo da ima lepšu mačku od svog suseda.	Tom wanted to have a nicer car than his neighbors.	suseda	0	0
Нисам прочитао остатак.	I didn't read the rest.	остатак	0	0
Где су ваши шешири?	Where are your hats?	ваши	0	0
Немој да ме тако мрко гледаш.	Don't scowl at me like that.	гледаш	0	0
Obe moje sestre su učiteljice.	Both of my sisters are teachers.	učiteljice	0	0
Napravljen je video snimak intervjua i objavljen je širom interneta.	The interview was recorded on video and shared all over the Internet.	objavljen	0	0
Nemojte da varate.	Don't cheat.	varate	0	0
Istina se mora kazati.	The truth must be told.	kazati	0	0
Samo traćiš vreme.	You're just wasting our time.	traćiš	0	0
Заиста, током врућина је важно да чланци не буту прекривени дебелим чизмама или чарапама, јер би се тиме осигурало прегревање.	Indeed, in hot weather it is important not to encase the ankles in heavy boots or leggings, as these would ensure overheating.	тиме	0	0
Različit si.	You're different.	različit	0	0
Проклети лопов.	Damn thief.	проклети	0	0
Prestara sam ja za ovo.	I'm too old for this sort of thing.	prestara	0	0
Šta proučava sovjetolog?	What does a Sovietologist study?	proučava	0	0
Ни Том ни Мери немају проблема са разумевањем француског.	Neither Tom nor Mary has trouble understanding French.	немају	0	0
Нисмо успели да урадимо све што је требало обавити.	We couldn't get everything done that needed to be done.	успели	0	0
Ležim i slušam direktni prenos sa demonstracija u Oslu.	I am listening to the live broadcast from the demonstration in Oslo while lying down.	demonstracija	0	0
Причај есперанто!	Speak Esperanto!	причај	0	0
Tom je počeo da se opušta.	Tom began to relax.	opušta	0	0
Нисам морала да им дам новац.	I didn't have to give them any money.	морала	0	0
Sami je bio Lejlin plesni partner.	Sami was Layla's dance partner.	plesni	0	0
Pomislih da sam izboden.	I thought I'd been stabbed.	izboden	0	0
Да ли се француски учи у твојој школи?	Is French taught at your school?	твојој	0	0
Razmišljam se da večeram u šest.	I'm thinking of having dinner at six o'clock.	večeram	0	0
Primerom, roditelji bi trebali da svoju decu uče kako da budu nežni.	By example, parents should teach their children kindness.	nežni	0	0
Opuštena sam.	I'm relaxed.	opuštena	0	0
Svi su sumnjivi.	Everybody's suspicious.	sumnjivi	0	0
Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	obnovi	0	0
Ovde je velika količina manjih grešaka i sitnog nerazumevanja koji iskrivljuju značenje originalne rečenice.	There are many minor mistakes and tiny misunderstandings here that distort the meaning of the original sentence.	originalne	0	0
Хладно је.	It's cold.	хладно	0	0
Možeš li da razbiješ jaje sa jednom rukom?	Can you break an egg with one hand?	razbiješ	0	0
Какво је време од јутрос?	What's the weather like this morning?	какво	0	0
Језик Европе је превод.	Translation is the language of Europe.	превод	0	0
Prekoračio sam limit na svim kreditnim karticama.	All my credit cards are maxed out.	karticama	0	0
Има више него довољно хране на плати за све људе, али наш економски систем нас спречава да је ваљано дистрибуирамо.	There's more than enough food on the planet for everyone, but our economic system prevents us from properly distributing it.	систем	0	0
Том је купио пилетину.	Tom bought chicken.	купио	0	0
Hvala na divnoj noći.	Great thanks for a lovely night.	divnoj	0	0
Vegetarijanac sam.	I'm vegetarian.	vegetarijanac	0	0
Nemoj da pušiš. Pušenje može da ti skrati penis.	Don't smoke. Smoking can shorten your penis.	skrati	0	0
Велику или малу?	Large or small?	малу	0	0
"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	kritiku	0	0
Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	filozofije	0	0
Да ли он спава?	Is he sleeping?	спава	0	0
Mogla bih da popričam sa Tomom.	I could talk to Tom.	tomom	0	0
Какво дивно изненађење!	What a lovely surprise!	изненађење	0	0
Razvedena sam.	I'm divorced.	razvedena	0	0
Predsednik je ignorisao protestante izvan svoje kancelarije.	The president ignored the protesters outside his office.	ignorisao	0	0
Познајем Џима још од малих ногу.	I've known Jim since we were children.	ногу	0	0
Том је подигао Мери на исти начин на који мушкарац преноси своју младу преко прага и пољубио је у образ.	Tom picked Mary up the same way a man carries his new bride across the threshold and gave her a kiss on the cheek.	мушкарац	0	0
Tom ima visoke moralne standarde.	Tom has high moral standards.	moralne	0	0
Uređaj koristite dok vas ne upozori da napunite bateriju i onda je punite 5 sati da bi postigli maksimalni kapacitet.	Use the device until it warns you to charge the battery and then charge it for 5 hours to reach the maximum capacity.	kapacitet	0	0
'Oće li neko pivo?	Anybody want a beer?	oće	0	0
Да ли си некада помузао краву?	Have you ever milked a cow?	некада	0	0
Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	čep	0	0
Oni su slučajno čuli nekakvu sumnjivu aktivnost u šipražju što ukazuje da je medved namirisao njihovu hranu.	By chance, they heard some suspicious activity in the thicket which indicated that a bear also smelled their food.	namirisao	0	0
Бојим се да ситуација постаје лошија.	I'm afraid the situation is getting worse.	постаје	0	0
Tom se nije žurio.	Tom took his time.	žurio	0	0
Progutaj ponos!	Swallow your pride!	progutaj	0	0
Будућност не припада онима који су меког срца, већ онима који су храбри.	The future does not belong to the faint-hearted, it belongs to the brave.	будућност	0	0
Radije bih da me obese nego da me upucaju.	I'd rather be hanged than shot.	obese	0	0
Он је савршен у свему.	He's perfect at everything.	свему	0	0
Ko je pojeo poslednju krofnu?	Who ate the last donut?	krofnu	0	0
Довиђења!	Goodbye!	довиђења	0	0
Svi su zaspali.	Everyone fell asleep.	zaspali	0	0
Том гледа телевизију сваке ноћи.	Tom watches television every night.	сваке	0	0
U gradovima, ograničenje brzine je 50 kilometara na sat.	In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.	ograničenje	0	0
Nemoj da se tučeš.	Don't fight.	tučeš	0	0
Вас двојица сте тихи.	You two are quiet.	двојица	0	0
Znanje nas čini slobodnim i boljim ljudima.	Knowledge makes us free and better people.	slobodnim	0	0
Tom je usvojio rusku rečenicu.	Tom adopted a Russian sentence.	rusku	0	0
Mnoga se predviđanja ne ostvare.	Many predictions fail.	ostvare	0	0
Може да буде лакше него што мислите.	It might be easier than you think.	лакше	0	0
Да ли си, којим случаје, изгубио телефон?	Have you by any chance lost your phone?	којим	0	0
Nikada više neću da spomenem ovo.	I won't ever mention this again.	spomenem	0	0
Хајде да играмо ову игру.	Let's play this game.	игру	0	0
Promeniću.	I'll change.	promeniću	0	0
Danas ste užasno poranili.	You're here awfully early today.	poranili	0	0
Bio je golih prsa i bos.	He was bare-chested and barefoot.	bos	0	0
Oh, siva mačkice, molim te, ne predi. Deka bi mogao da te čuje.	O grey pussycat, please don't purr. Grandpa might hear you.	mačkice	0	0
Čitaoci su bili na mukama, čekajući najmanje tri meseca pre nego što su dobili odgovor.	Readers had been waiting in suspense for at least three months before they got an answer.	mukama	0	0
Bio sam na mnogo tuči jastukom tokom moje školske ekskurzije.	I had a lot of pillow fights during my school trip.	tuči	0	0
Откуд то?	How come?	откуд	0	0
Jesi li se potpuno oporavila?	Are you fully recovered?	oporavila	0	0
Zaboravio sam da napišem adresu na koverti.	I forgot to write the address on the envelope.	koverti	0	0
Јеботе!	Fuck!	јеботе	0	0
У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	потрази	0	0
Нисам очекивао да ће Том разговарати с Мери.	I didn't expect Tom to talk to Mary.	разговарати	0	0
Jeste li zauzete ovde?	Are you busy here?	zauzete	0	0
Bio sam vrlo zainteresovan da učestvujem u izgradnji intezivnijeg akademskog plana za programiranje.	I was very interested in taking part in building a stronger academic curriculum regarding programming.	izgradnji	0	0
U skladu sa našim pravilima, svi učesnici moraju da pri inspekciji pokažu legitimaciju, registracione papire i licencu.	According to our rules, all participants must present a photo ID, registration papers and valid license for inspection.	licencu	0	0
Zaboravio sam uređaj za nadgledanje beba.	I forgot the baby monitor.	nadgledanje	0	0
Она је почела да плаче.	She began crying.	почела	0	0
Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	jednostavni	0	0
Том је већ одлучио да отпусти Мери.	Tom has already decided to fire Mary.	одлучио	0	0
Живео сам у центру Бостона три године.	I lived in downtown Boston for three years.	живео	0	0
Седите!	Sit!	седите	0	0
Mnogi jezici eumefizmima opisuju smrt i umiranje.	Most languages have euphemistic expressions to describe death and dying.	opisuju	0	0
Samo razgledam.	I'm just looking.	razgledam	0	0
Лепота лежи у очима посматрача.	Beauty lies in the eyes of the one who sees.	очима	0	0
Добро дошао у пакао.	Welcome to hell.	пакао	0	0
Nikad više neću da pomenem ovo.	I won't ever mention this again.	pomenem	0	0
Da li želiš da vidiš totalno pomračenje Sunca koje će ostaviti Svalbard u mraku 20. Marta 2015.?	Do you want to see the total solar eclipse that will leave Svalbard in the dark on March 20, 2015?	pomračenje	0	0
Морала сам да спречим Тома да учини највећу грешку свог живота.	I had to stop Tom from making the biggest mistake in his life.	учини	0	0
Možemo da mnogo naučimo o ratno-istorijskom događaju kao što je progrom Jevreja i možemo da osiguramo da se ovo slično nikada ne ponovi.	We can learn a lot about an historical event such as the persecution of the Jews and make sure that something similar does not happen again.	osiguramo	0	0
Неки људи без обзира у ком добу су, не губе своју лепоту.	Some people, no matter how old they get, never lose their beauty.	обзира	0	0
Trolovski zid je najvišlji evropski vertikalni planinski zid koji ima 1700 metara do dna, od kojih je 1000 metara vertikalne litice.	Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.	evropski	0	0
Ljudi se ne ponašaju uvek racionalno.	People don't always behave rationally.	racionalno	0	0
Nemoj da prestaješ.	Don't stop.	prestaješ	0	0
Једно пиво, молим.	A beer, please.	пиво	0	0
Meri je rekla da će otkriti tajne svih svojih šefova ako joj ne povećaju platu.	Mary said that she would reveal all of her employer's secrets if he did not raise her wage.	šefova	0	0
Meri je koristila štapove za hodanje koje su joj pomogle pri usponima i padovima na putovanju.	Mary used walking poles to assist her with the uphill and downhill sections of the journey.	pomogle	0	0
Glasina se brzo proširila.	The rumour quickly spread.	proširila	0	0
Ljudi koji krše zakon bivaju kažnjeni.	People who break the law are punished.	bivaju	0	0
Ко те је научио да играш покер?	Who taught you how to play poker?	научио	0	0
Popravila sam moj kompjuter.	I had my personal computer repaired.	popravila	0	0
Ovaj izveštaj je loše napisan i pun je grešaka.	This report is badly written and is full of mistakes.	napisan	0	0
Al je živeo u Sovjetskom savezu, onom velikom i višenarodnom, u velikom regionu Tver, po veličini jednakim nekoliko engleskih zemalja.	Al lived in the Soviet Union, huge and multinational one, at the large Tver Region equal to several English counties in size.	regionu	0	0
Sa jedne strane, ti grešiš, ali sa druge, ja ne mogu da te optužujem za to.	On the one hand, you are wrong, but on the other hand, I can't blame you for that.	optužujem	0	0
Не волим мале псе.	I don't like small dogs.	мале	0	0
To je plastika.	That's plastic.	plastika	0	0
Мајмун је побегао.	The monkey got away.	побегао	0	0
Да ли се сећаш места где смо се први пут упознали?	Do you remember the place where we first met?	упознали	0	0
Да ли Том мисли да ће успети?	Does Tom think it'll work?	успети	0	0
Планирам да данас останем кући.	I plan to stay home today.	останем	0	0
Склопио сам добар договор.	I got us a good deal.	договор	0	0
Moja sestra se igra sa lutkama.	My sister is playing with dolls.	lutkama	0	0
Naseci sir na tanke parčiće ili na male kocke.	Cut the cheese into thin slices or into little cubes.	tanke	0	0
Tom nije uspeo da nagovori Meri da spremi tortu za Džonovu rođendansku žurku.	Tom wasn't able to talk Mary into baking a cake for John's birthday party.	nagovori	0	0
Новчаник ми је украо мушкарац који је седео поред мене.	I had my wallet stolen by the man sitting next to me.	украо	0	0
Radije bih da me obese nego da me upucaju.	I'd rather be hanged than shot.	upucaju	0	0
Populacija Švedske raste.	Sweden's population is growing.	švedske	0	0
Ministar je bio uhvaćen da je lagao pri istraživanju korupcije te je bio primoran da da otkaz.	The minister was caught lying to the corruption enquiry and was forced to resign.	korupcije	0	0
Лаку ноћ, мајко.	Goodnight, Mother.	мајко	0	0
Korišćenje kondoma tokom vaginalnog i analnog odnosa, i u oralnom seksu je najbolja preventivna mera.	The use of a condom during vaginal, anal, and oral intercourse is the best preventive measure.	kondoma	0	0
To bi bilo veliko traćenje novca.	That would be a huge waste of money.	traćenje	0	0
Efekat je bio dosta drugačiji od onog što smo nameravali.	The effect was quite different from what was intended.	nameravali	0	0
Tom ima mlađu sestru Meri.	Tom has a younger sister named Mary.	mlađu	0	0
Објаснио сам Тому зашто смо морали да урадимо то.	I explained to Tom why we had to do that.	морали	0	0
Вест да је Том упуцан се брзо ширила.	The news spread quickly that Tom had been shot.	вест	0	0
Shvatam da su oni trn u oku takvima kao ti, ali ovo je samo bedno.	I understand that they are a thorn in the eye to people like you, but this is simply pathetic.	takvima	0	0
Usvojena sam.	I'm adopted.	usvojena	0	0
Ako pokušaš, uspećeš.	If you try, you'll succeed.	uspećeš	0	0
Том је много пута разговарао са мном о томе.	Tom has spoken with me many times about that.	разговарао	0	0
Том је провео преко три сата тражећи кључеве, али их још увек није пронашао.	Tom spent more than three hours looking for his keys, but he still hasn't found them.	пронашао	0	0
Slušanje muzike je moj omljeni način opuštanja.	Listening to music is my favourite relaxation.	slušanje	0	0
Рат је мир. Слобода је ропство. Незнање је мођ.	War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.	мир	0	0
Volim da vas gledam kako plešete.	I love watching you dance.	plešete	0	0
Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	diplomata	0	0
Policajac ga je uhapsio zbog vožnje u pijanom stanju.	The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.	pijanom	0	0
Хајде да се нађемо за ручак.	Let's meet for lunch.	ручак	0	0
Oni svakodnevno služe svežu ribu i jastroge, koje dobijaju jednom nedeljno avionom iz Norveške.	Every day, they serve fresh fish and lobster, which they get weekly by plane from Norway.	svežu	0	0
Prihodi su mi se smanjili za deset procenata.	My income has decreased ten percent.	smanjili	0	0
U našem svetu obrazovanje je razočaravajuće.	Education in this world disappoints me.	razočaravajuće	0	0
Говорио сам му о нашој школи.	I told him about our school.	нашој	0	0
Saosećam.	I sympathize.	saosećam	0	0
Том је погледао лево и десно пре него што је прешао улицу.	Tom looked both ways before crossing the road.	десно	0	0
Moja šaka je dodirnula njenu.	My hand came into contact with her hand.	dodirnula	0	0
Када сте почели играти голф?	When did you begin playing golf?	почели	0	0
Ne zaboravi da se namažeš kremom za sunčanje.	Don't forget to put on sunscreen.	kremom	0	0
Izgubio je nadu i ubio se otrovom.	He lost hope and killed himself with poison.	otrovom	0	0
Послужите се, изволите.	Help yourself, please.	изволите	0	0
Podmitljivi zvaničnici vlade su pobegli iz zemlje.	The corrupt government officials fled the country.	zvaničnici	0	0
To treba vežbati.	It needs exercise.	vežbati	0	0
Kada je Tom bio tinejdžer, zarađivao je raznoseći novine.	When Tom was a teenager, he earned money delivering newspapers.	zarađivao	0	0
Извињавам се.	Excuse me.	извињавам	0	0
Разговарали смо о томе целу ноћ.	We talked about it all night.	разговарали	0	0
Имамо црног пса.	We have a black dog.	пса	0	0
Tom mi je jutros rekao da se on i Meri sele u Boston.	Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Boston.	sele	0	0
Kada sam se jutros probudio, osetio sam blagu mučninu.	When I woke up this morning, I felt a little ill.	blagu	0	0
Могу ли да узмем залогај?	May I take a bite?	узмем	0	0
Том као да је нестао са лица земље.	Tom seems to have disappeared off the face of the earth.	лица	0	0
Obe nism bogate koliko bismo želele.	We're both not as rich as we wish we were.	želele	0	0
Ručao sam na brzinu.	I ate a hasty lunch.	ručao	0	0
U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	pahuljica	0	0
Tom je prouzrokovao mnogo nevolja.	Tom has been causing a lot of problems.	prouzrokovao	0	0
Trebalo bi da očistiš rernu.	You should clean your oven.	rernu	0	0
Plastična čaša je bolja od one koja je napravljena od pravog stakla.	A plastic glass is better than one made of real glass.	plastična	0	0
Шта ћеш ставити овде?	What are you going to put here?	ставити	0	0
Мртви су.	They're dead.	мртви	0	0
Том је остао са оцем.	Tom stayed with his father.	остао	0	0
Ово лето је ужасно вруће.	This summer is awfully hot.	ужасно	0	0
Troje ranjenih, za koje je trenutno nejasno u kakvom su stanju, je evakuisano u Američku poljsku bolnicu.	Three of the wounded, whose condition is unclear, have been evacuated to an American field hospital.	ranjenih	0	0
Вратите се касније, господине.	Come back later, sir.	вратите	0	0
Изашао сам напоље.	I walked outside.	изашао	0	0
Troje ranjenih, za koje je trenutno nejasno u kakvom su stanju, je evakuisano u Američku poljsku bolnicu.	Three of the wounded, whose condition is unclear, have been evacuated to an American field hospital.	poljsku	0	0
Bled si kao krpa.	You are as white as a sheet.	bled	0	0
Ostanite pozitivni.	Stay positive.	pozitivni	0	0
Многи од мојих пријатеља су умрли.	Many of my friends have died.	многи	0	0
To je juče pokvarilo raspoloženje za stolom.	That ruined the mood at the dinner table yesterday.	pokvarilo	0	0
Ekser je probušio gumu.	A nail punctured the tire.	ekser	0	0
Лудо!	Wild!	лудо	0	0
Tom dobro vlada francuskim.	Tom has a good command of French.	francuskim	0	0
Toma slušaju zato što je ubedljiv.	Tom is listened to because of his persuasive power.	ubedljiv	0	0
Fraza "dva čoveka" će zameniti frazu "muškarac i žena" u predlogu izmene zakona ne bi li se legalizovao brak između osoba istog pola u Austrilaiji.	The phrase "two people" will replace "a man and a woman" in the proposed bill to legalise same-sex marriage in Australia.	frazu	0	0
Можеш ли да дођеш што раније?	Could you come as soon as possible?	дођеш	0	0
Удариће те струја ако не будете пажљиви.	You're going to electrocute yourself if you aren't careful.	будете	0	0
Поделили смо новац на три дела.	We split the money three ways.	дела	0	0
Postoji i etičko pitanje koje je postavljeno o ovome.	This also raises an ethical question.	postavljeno	0	0
Вероватно мислиш да сам глуп.	You probably think I'm stupid.	глуп	0	0
Veren sam.	I'm engaged.	veren	0	0
Ваздух је невидљив.	Air is invisible.	ваздух	0	0
Марија је дама од части.	Mary is the maid of honor.	дама	0	0
On je pre bio član društvene elite, nego predstavnik širokih masa.	He was a member of a social elite rather than the masses.	elite	0	0
Tom veoma dobro imitira način na koji Meri govori.	Tom is very good at imitating the way Mary talks.	imitira	0	0
Том нема пара.	Tom doesn't have money.	пара	0	0
Mont Blank je najviša planina u Alpima.	The Mont Blanc is the highest mountain in the Alps.	mont	0	0
Majka je izabrala ovu zavesu.	Mother chose this curtain.	zavesu	0	0
Možeš li, molim te, da ugasiš radio za mene?	Could you please turn off the radio for me?	ugasiš	0	0
Meri se uvredila kada joj je Tom kupio osveživač daha.	Mary was offended when Tom bought her some breath freshener.	uvredila	0	0
Danas si užasno poranila.	You're here awfully early today.	poranila	0	0
То је прилично нормално.	That's pretty normal.	нормално	0	0
Upalio je baklju pre nego što je ušao u pećinu.	He had lit the torch before he entered the cave.	baklju	0	0
Moji prijatelju su mi čestitali na mom uspehu.	My friends congratulated me on my success.	uspehu	0	0
Uozbilji se!	Get real!	uozbilji	0	0
Ovaj sat je jeftiniji od tog.	This watch is less expensive than that one.	jeftiniji	0	0
Parovi u vezi na daljinu znaju da rizikuju - a da ne spominjemo žrtvovanja na koja su primorani.	Couples in long distance relationship know that they run a risk - not to mention the sacrifices they have to make.	žrtvovanja	0	0
Rađe ne bih da budem uključen u ovoj fazi, hvala ti.	I'd prefer not to get involved at this stage, thank you.	rađe	0	0
То је било велико.	That was big.	велико	0	0
Počeo je da se dere.	He began to shout.	dere	0	0
Crkveni zvonik se nazirao u daljini.	A church spire could be seen in the distance.	crkveni	0	0
Žao mi je što si se upleo u ovo.	I'm sorry you had to get dragged into this.	upleo	0	0
Том је послао поруку Мери да јој јави да ће да касни на вечеру.	Tom texted Mary to let her know that he was going to be late for dinner.	јави	0	0
Ona mu sprema obroke.	She cooked him meals.	obroke	0	0
Uspeće sledeći put.	It'll work next time.	uspeće	0	0
Никад нисам јахала Томовог коња.	I've never ridden Tom's horse.	коња	0	0
Да ли си слободан вечерас?	Are you free tonight?	слободан	0	0
Vežbala sam.	I exercised.	vežbala	0	0
Шта ми то заправо тражимо?	What exactly are we looking for?	тражимо	0	0
Kontroliši se.	Control yourself.	kontroliši	0	0
Ne zahvaljuj meni.	Do not thank me.	zahvaljuj	0	0
Parovi u vezi na daljinu znaju da rizikuju - a da ne spominjemo žrtvovanja na koja su primorani.	Couples in long distance relationship know that they run a risk - not to mention the sacrifices they have to make.	spominjemo	0	0
Tom nije uspeo da iznese nijedan dokaz da podrži svoju izjavu.	Tom couldn't produce any evidence to back his statement up.	iznese	0	0
Ljudi su nekada pisali knjige kucaćim mašinama.	People used to write books using typewriters.	mašinama	0	0
Како да дођем тамо?	How do you get there?	дођем	0	0
Подгревам шта је претекло од хране за ручак.	I'm heating up left-overs for lunch.	хране	0	0
Tom je sedeo na klupi celi dan, pišući razglednice.	Tom sat on the beach all day, writing postcards.	razglednice	0	0
Добро говорите француски, зар не?	You're good at French, aren't you?	говорите	0	0
Dve trećine studenata je bilo na sastanku.	Two-thirds of the students came to the meeting.	trećine	0	0
Tom je bivši robijaš.	Tom is an ex-con.	robijaš	0	0
Ако посао вреди обавити, онда га вреди обавити ваљано.	If a job is worth doing, it is worth doing well.	вреди	0	0
Љут сам на Тома.	I'm angry with Tom.	љут	0	0
Слободно разгледајте.	Have a look around.	слободно	0	0
Njihova bliskost je bila tajanstvena, obzirom na to da su se upoznali pre samo tri dana.	Their propinquity was uncanny, as they'd met only three days ago.	tajanstvena	0	0
Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	svetsku	0	0
Juče sam otišao u krevet bez pranja zuba.	Yesterday I went to bed without brushing my teeth.	pranja	0	0
Питај га.	Ask him.	питај	0	0
Јуче нисам био сав свој.	I wasn't myself yesterday.	сав	0	0
Мало је вероватно да ће Том завршити с писањем извештаја до понедељк.а	Tom is not very likely to finish writing the report before Monday.	завршити	0	0
Brak između osoba istog pola je sada legalan u 20 zemalja, uključujući Irsku od juče.	Same sex marriage is now legal in 20 countries worldwide, including Ireland as of yesterday.	legalan	0	0
Сећање пружа веће задовољство од заборава.	Remembering is more satisfying than forgetting.	задовољство	0	0
Ne brini! Ako mi pomognes sve ce biti u redu.	Don't worry! If you help me, everything will be fine.	pomognes	0	0
Postajete neobazrivi.	You're getting careless.	postajete	0	0
Прочитао сам књигу о којој је Том причао.	I've read the book Tom was talking about.	књигу	0	0
Погледала сам кроз прозор и нисам видела ништа.	I looked out the window and didn't see anything.	прозор	0	0
Зашто стало упадаш у туче?	Why are you always getting into fights?	стало	0	0
Даћу ти све што имам.	I'm going to give you everything I've got.	даћу	0	0
Том је написао сценарио.	Tom wrote the screenplay.	написао	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	učenju	0	0
Мислим да је желим да прочитам Ромов извештај. Што мање знам, то боље.	I don't think I want to read Tom's report. The less I know, the better.	извештај	0	0
Он вози скејт.	He is skating.	вози	0	0
Eva je dala Adamu jabuku znanja.	Eve gave Adam the apple of knowledge.	adamu	0	0
Kada dobijete Vaš telefon, baterija je unapred napunjena.	When you get your phone, the battery is precharged.	napunjena	0	0
Том одлучи да је дошло време да крене.	Tom decided that it was time to leave.	дошло	0	0
Том каже да има нешто о чему мора разговара с тобом.	Tom says he has something he needs to discuss with you.	разговара	0	0
Trebalo bi da se suočiš sa stvarnošću.	You should face up to the reality.	stvarnošću	0	0
Tom i Marija su zajedno skočili sa Preikestolna sa padobranom. To je bilo kratak, ali magični doživljaj.	Tom and Mary once jumped together from Pulpit Rock with a parachute. It was a short but magical experience.	padobranom	0	0
Shvatiću.	I'll understand.	shvatiću	0	0
Kada sam se jutros probudio, osetio sam blagu mučninu.	When I woke up this morning, I felt a little ill.	mučninu	0	0
Боли ме курац за то.	I don't care about that.	курац	0	0
Nasmej se.	Smile.	nasmej	0	0
Setite se imena fajla pre nego što pokušate da izvršite povratak obrisanih fajlova.	Recall the filename before you try to perform file recovery.	izvršite	0	0
Ово је најбоља супа коју сам икад окусио.	This is the best soup I've ever tasted.	најбоља	0	0
Рекао сам ти да никоме не кажеш то.	I told you not to tell that to anyone.	никоме	0	0
Živeo je jednostavnim životom.	He lived a simple life.	jednostavnim	0	0
Том није желео да му било ко помаже док ради то.	Tom didn't want any help doing that.	помаже	0	0
Špijunirao si me.	You've been spying on me.	špijunirao	0	0
Da li ste obe pijane?	Are you both drunk?	pijane	0	0
Uopšte nisam ogorčen.	I'm not bitter at all.	ogorčen	0	0
Отмичари траже 300.000$ у малим новчаницама.	The kidnappers want $300,000 in small bills.	траже	0	0
Zašto si sve vreme ćutao?	Why were you silent all the time?	ćutao	0	0
Ne smejte se.	Don't smile.	smejte	0	0
Odlučili su da se venčaju.	They decided to marry.	venčaju	0	0
Том ми је обећао да ће доћи рано.	Tom promised me he'd come early.	обећао	0	0
Tom je uštedeo 300 dolara.	Tom saved three hundred dollars.	uštedeo	0	0
Klin se klinom izbija.	Fight fire with fire.	klin	0	0
Требало је одавно да се вратиш кући.	You should've been home a long time ago.	вратиш	0	0
Tom je u pidžami.	Tom is in his pajamas.	pidžami	0	0
Ako se muškarac unapredi ispred žene - to se naziva favorizovanje. Ako ona bude unapređena, ispred muškarca, to se naziva jednakost.	If a man is promoted before a woman, it's called favoritism. If she gets promoted before a man, it's called equality.	jednakost	0	0
Tom je napisao nekoliko stotina članaka i nekoliko knjiga.	Tom has written hundreds of articles and several books.	članaka	0	0
Leti nosim majice na kratke rukave.	I wear short-sleeve shirts in the summer.	rukave	0	0
Долазите ли сутра на забаву?	Are you coming to the party tomorrow?	забаву	0	0
Hoćeš li voćni đus?	Do you want fruit juice?	voćni	0	0
Тихо, Томе.	Quiet, Tom.	тихо	0	0
Neke kornjače su živele preko 100 godina.	Some turtles have lived more than 100 years.	živele	0	0
Kupio sam ovu knjigu u knjižari ispred stanice.	I bought this book at the book store in front of the station.	knjižari	0	0
Muzičari su umorni.	The musicians are tired.	muzičari	0	0
Kako možeš da trpiš tog momka?	How can you put up with that guy?	trpiš	0	0
Mislim da smo možda bili previše agresivni.	I think maybe we've been too aggressive.	agresivni	0	0
Просто знам да се неће догодити.	I just know it's not going to happen.	просто	0	0
Vlada je pala nakon glasanja u parlamentu.	The government collapsed after a vote in parliament.	glasanja	0	0
Не могу чекати заувек.	I can't wait forever.	чекати	0	0
U uspešnom pregovaranju obično pobeđuju obe strane, i niko se ne ponaša na način koji šteti sopstvenim dugoročnim interesima, iako često postoji mala margina oko čega se može pregovarati.	In a successful negotiation both parties usually win, and no one acts in a way that damages their own long-term interests, even though there is often a small margin that one can negotiate about.	pobeđuju	0	0
Stoga zahtevam da mi se sudija izvini i zahtevam da se moje ludilo proglasi ništavnim.	I thus require an apology from the judge and I claim my insanity declared null and void.	proglasi	0	0
Том има свакакве проблеме.	Tom has all kinds of problems.	проблеме	0	0
Рекох Тому да сам видео Мери.	I told Tom that I'd seen Mary.	рекох	0	0
Том се надао да ће стићи до Бостона пре него што Сунце зађе.	Tom hoped to get to Boston before the sun set.	сунце	0	0
Dva metara dugačak živi krokodil je pronađen u stakleniku u bašti u Švedskom trećem gradu po veličini - Malmou.	A two-meter-long live crocodile has been found in a garden greenhouse in Sweden's third largest city, Malmö.	krokodil	0	0
Dve države su ispregovarale mirovni sporazum.	The two countries negotiated a peace treaty.	mirovni	0	0
Rubin je jedan od najlepših dragih kamenja na svetu.	Rubies are one of most beautiful gems in the world.	rubin	0	0
Мени одговара.	It works for me.	одговара	0	0
Povezanost između ličnosti i krvne grupe nije naučno potvrđena.	A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.	potvrđena	0	0
То је њихова књига.	That book is theirs.	њихова	0	0
Jуче смo играли бејзбол.	We played baseball yesterday.	смo	0	0
Da li si oprala suđe?	Have you washed the dishes?	suđe	0	0
Civilizacija zasnovana na fosilnim gorivima će se na kraju neminovno srušiti.	Our fossil-fuel based industrial civilization will eventually collapse.	zasnovana	0	0
Sedenje po ceo dan je loše po tebe.	Sitting all day is bad for you.	sedenje	0	0
Том каже да се у комшилуку налази уклета кућа.	Tom says there is a haunted house in his neighborhood.	налази	0	0
Odsedaću u hotelu Hilton.	I'm going to be staying at the Hilton Hotel.	hilton	0	0
Опусти се.	Relax.	опусти	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	budalaština	0	0
Pre nego što ova odluka stupi na snagu, niko neće ni prstom da mrdne da ovo reši.	Before this decision takes effect, nobody will lift a finger in order to solve this.	stupi	0	0
Uvek sam mrzovoljan.	I'm always moody.	mrzovoljan	0	0
Da li je ovo pastuv ili kobila?	Is this a stallion or a mare?	pastuv	0	0
Da li si doneo fen?	Did you bring a hair dryer?	fen	0	0
Zar se ne družite?	Don't you guys hang out?	družite	0	0
Том је позвао три своја пријатеља на вечеру.	Tom invited three of his friends to dinner.	своја	0	0
Nenaoružan sam.	I'm unarmed.	nenaoružan	0	0
Nikad mi nije palo na pamet da će neko izmisliti tako nešto.	It never occurred to me that someone would make up such a thing.	izmisliti	0	0
Samouveren sam.	I'm confident.	samouveren	0	0
Том ми је пазио на пса док сам била у болници.	Tom looked after my dog while I was in the hospital.	болници	0	0
То ћеш морати да питаш Тома.	You'll have to ask Tom that.	питаш	0	0
Svetsku mrežu je izumeo 1989. godine Tom Berners Li.	The World Wide Web was invented by Tim Berners-Lee in 1989.	izumeo	0	0
Vlada je pala nakon glasanja u parlamentu.	The government collapsed after a vote in parliament.	parlamentu	0	0
Успео сам да се укрцам на последњи воз.	I managed to get on the last train.	воз	0	0
Živimo na šestom spratu.	We live on the sixth floor.	šestom	0	0
Том није паметан као ти.	Tom isn't as smart as you are.	паметан	0	0
Živećemo kao kraljevi.	We'll live like kings.	živećemo	0	0
Шта ако случајно набодем реченицу чија су права заштићена?	What if I accidentally nail a sentence which is copyrighted?	случајно	0	0
Neki od nas smatraju da su takvi pogledi čisto ludilo.	Some of us find such views to be sheer madness.	pogledi	0	0
Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	prebace	0	0
Није твоја кривица.	It's not your fault.	кривица	0	0
Настави да тражиш.	Keep searching.	тражиш	0	0
Treba da se zahvališ Tomu pismom.	You should write Tom a thank-you letter.	pismom	0	0
Седите право и седите мирно.	Sit erect and sit still.	мирно	0	0
Tom se ukrcao na autobus.	Tom boarded the bus.	ukrcao	0	0
Праснула је у смех.	She burst into laughter.	смех	0	0
Tom nije samo druželjubiv, već i darežljiv.	Tom isn't only friendly, he's also generous.	darežljiv	0	0
Bio je golih prsa i bos.	He was bare-chested and barefoot.	golih	0	0
Uvek je nezadovoljan.	He's always dissatisfied.	nezadovoljan	0	0
Иста си као твој отац.	You're just like your father.	иста	0	0
Svi smo puno plakali.	We all cried a lot.	plakali	0	0
Tom mi je rekao da je izgubio svesku.	Tom told me that he had lost his textbook.	svesku	0	0
Tom je smor.	Tom is being a nuisance.	smor	0	0
Ukrao je veoma dragocen dijamantski prsten.	He stole a very valuable diamond ring.	dragocen	0	0
Нисм ни у каквој опасности, зар не?	We're not in any danger, are we?	опасности	0	0
Постигла је свој циљ.	She achieved her goal.	циљ	0	0
Tom kaže da sam previše agresivna.	Tom says I'm too aggressive.	agresivna	0	0
Iskreno se nadam da će se Tomova predviđanja ostvariti.	I sincerely hope that Tom's predictions are going to come true.	predviđanja	0	0
Мој пас је већи од твог.	My dog is bigger than yours is.	већи	0	0
Много сам заузет послом.	I've been very busy with work.	заузет	0	0
Донеси два.	Bring two.	донеси	0	0
Ponekad poželim da imam brata blizanca. To bi bilo zabavno!	Sometimes I wish I had a twin brother. That'd be fun.	blizanca	0	0
Sapleo sam se.	I tripped.	sapleo	0	0
Obično nisam kući ponedeljkom.	I'm not usually at home on Mondays.	ponedeljkom	0	0
Пробуди се.	Wake up.	пробуди	0	0
Хоћу да видим како ти стоји ова капа.	I want to see how this hat looks on you.	стоји	0	0
Мушкарци и жене то обично не раде на исти начин.	Men and women don't usually do that the same way.	мушкарци	0	0
Moj prijatelj može tečno da govori Hindi.	A friend of mine can speak Hindi fluently.	tečno	0	0
Којим путем идеш?	Which way are you going?	путем	0	0
Они живе у близини.	They live nearby.	близини	0	0
Ispod crteža, napisao je "Ugrabite viršle!".	Under the cartoon, he wrote "Get your hot dogs!"	crteža	0	0
Marija dobro poznaje radna uputstva i tehničke propise.	Mary has good knowledge of working instructions and technical regulations.	tehničke	0	0
Posle pet sati na vrućem pesku, on je na horizontu ugledao nešto što je izgledalo kao pustinjska fatamorgana.	After five hours on the hot sand, he began to see something on the horizon that looked like a desert mirage.	horizontu	0	0
Dok sam šetao ulicom kao sasvim običan pešak, ugledao sam mog prethodnika u limuzini.	While I was walking down the street as an ordinary pedestrian, I saw my predecessor in a limousine.	limuzini	0	0
Tom je nemilosrdan.	Tom is unmerciful.	nemilosrdan	0	0
Том је пао осам метара.	Tom fell eight meters.	метара	0	0
Hajde da nastavimo diskusiju.	Let's carry on the discussion.	diskusiju	0	0
Ove informacije su poverljive.	This information is confidential.	poverljive	0	0
Ne može se uraditi ništa drugo osim da mu se divi na hrabrosti.	You can't do anything other than admire his courage.	divi	0	0
Да ли се Том осећа бар мало боље?	Does Tom feel any better?	осећа	0	0
Опасно је ићи на параглајдинг под ветровитим условима.	It's dangerous to go paragliding in windy conditions.	опасно	0	0
Položila sam svaki test.	I passed every single test.	položila	0	0
Не знам шта да радим са овим стварима.	I don't know what to do with this stuff.	стварима	0	0
Rečenica obično ima jedan subjekat i jedan glagol.	A sentence normally has a subject and a verb.	subjekat	0	0
Hajde da porazgovaramo o mogućnostima.	Let's discuss our options.	mogućnostima	0	0
Том много личи на неког кога познајем.	Tom looks a lot like someone else that I know.	личи	0	0
Сутра устајем рано.	I'll be getting up early tomorrow.	рано	0	0
Уђите!	Come on in!	уђите	0	0
Да ли си звала Тома или си му послала поруку?	Did you call Tom or text him?	звала	0	0
Parovi u vezi na daljinu znaju da rizikuju - a da ne spominjemo žrtvovanja na koja su primorani.	Couples in long distance relationship know that they run a risk - not to mention the sacrifices they have to make.	primorani	0	0
Arheolog istražuje stare rimske ruševine.	The archaeologist is studying old Roman ruins.	rimske	0	0
Одувек сам знао да сам усвојен.	I've always known I was adopted.	одувек	0	0
Rubin je jedan od najlepših dragih kamenja na svetu.	Rubies are one of most beautiful gems in the world.	najlepših	0	0
Нећу покушати да побегнем.	I'm not going to try to escape.	покушати	0	0
Rođen je u malom selu na jugu Turske.	He was born in a small village in the south of Turkey.	turske	0	0
Izbrojali smo godove na stablu koje smo oborili i otkrili da je staro trideset godina.	We counted the growth rings on the tree that we cut down and found out that it was thirty years old.	oborili	0	0
Шанса да се то икад деси је веома мала.	The probability of that ever happening is very small.	шанса	0	0
Тому се нису свиђали његови наставници.	Tom didn't like his teachers.	његови	0	0
Нисам ни размишљао шта да урадим. Само сам делао.	I didn't even think about what to do. I just acted.	размишљао	0	0
Nadam se da ćemo da provalimo ovo.	I hope we can figure this out.	provalimo	0	0
Том није ушао.	Tom is not in.	ушао	0	0
Da te čujem kako izgovaraš to.	Let me hear you say it.	izgovaraš	0	0
Знам да Том више нема снаге да ради то.	I know that Tom doesn't have the strength to do that anymore.	снаге	0	0
Глупости.	Nonsense.	глупости	0	0
Zašto se ponašaš detinjasto?	Why are you acting like a child?	detinjasto	0	0
Neki religiozni ljudi mogu da budu jako osuđujući.	Some religious people can be very judgmental.	religiozni	0	0
Том мора да направи неке одлучујуће потезе.	Tom needs to make some decisive moves.	направи	0	0
Нисам ишао нигде прошлог понедељка.	I didn't go anywhere last Monday.	ишао	0	0
Tofu dobro ide uz Sake.	Tofu goes well with sake.	sake	0	0
Ljudski je grešiti, praštati je božanski.	To err is human, to forgive divine.	božanski	0	0
Komitet preporučuje da oni koji su se žalili treba da budu nadoknađeni sa proporcionalnim delom godišnje naknade sa kamatama.	The Committee recommended that those complaining should be reimbursed with a proportionate share of the annual fee with interest.	žalili	0	0
Мајк се насмеши.	Mike smiled.	мајк	0	0
Kada je izbio požar, on je uveliko spavao.	When the fire broke out, he was fast asleep.	uveliko	0	0
Tom i Meri su igrali ruski rulet.	Tom and Mary played a game of Russian roulette.	rulet	0	0
Час почиње тек у пола девет.	Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.	девет	0	0
Ponovo bih uradila isto bez trunke dvoumljenja.	I'd do it all again in a heartbeat.	trunke	0	0
Чувај редовно.	Save frequently.	чувај	0	0
Ajvi Bin, najstariji korisnik i Facebook-a i Twitter-a, je preminula u 104 godini.	Ivy Bean, the oldest user of both Facebook and Twitter, died at 104.	korisnik	0	0
Обећавам да ћу следећи пут остати дуже.	I promise to stay longer next time.	дуже	0	0
Jesmo li sada bezbedne?	Are we safe now?	bezbedne	0	0
Немамо приступ чистој води.	We have no access to clean water.	приступ	0	0
Mnogi mu se dive.	Many admire him.	dive	0	0
Јапански језик је наш матерњи језик.	Japanese is our mother tongue.	језик	0	0
Treba ovde da budeš najkasnije u pola jedan.	You need to be here by 2:30 at the latest.	najkasnije	0	0
Живиш ли дуго овде?	Have you lived here for a long time?	живиш	0	0
Tom je požurio unutra.	Tom rushed back inside.	požurio	0	0
Сви праве грешке.	Everyone makes mistakes.	праве	0	0
Ovaj milijarder ima pet kuća u četiri različitih država.	This billionaire has 5 homes in 4 different countries.	milijarder	0	0
Zašto je slikanje vozova zanimljivo?	Why is taking pictures of trains interesting?	vozova	0	0
Ovi monasi žive u manastiru.	These monks live inside the monastery.	monasi	0	0
Krvare mi desni.	My gums are bleeding.	krvare	0	0
Zabavljaj se dok možeš.	Have fun while you can.	zabavljaj	0	0
Ispekla sam jezik.	I burnt my tongue.	ispekla	0	0
Одувек сам се питао како је то када имаш браћу и сестре.	I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.	сестре	0	0
Ne deri se na mene.	Don't shout at me.	deri	0	0
Рачун, молим вас.	The check, please.	рачун	0	0
Norveška je moja nova domovina.	Norway is my new homeland.	domovina	0	0
Никад нисам пливао го.	I've never gone skinny dipping.	го	0	0
"Poznaješ li miris smrti", upita Džon, nabivši mi pesnicu ispod nosa.	"Do you know the smell of death", asked John, shoving his fist under my nose.	pesnicu	0	0
Видиш ли мост одатле?	Can you see the bridge from where you are?	одатле	0	0
Ne mogu da odlučim gde da se parkiram.	I'm having trouble deciding where to park.	parkiram	0	0
Јуче је био пун месец.	The moon was full yesterday.	пун	0	0
Француски није толико тежак да се научи колико много људи мисли да јесте.	French isn't as difficult to learn as a lot of people think it is.	тежак	0	0
Moja baka po ocu uživa u ceremoniji čaja.	My paternal grandmother enjoys tea ceremonies.	ceremoniji	0	0
Помогао би нам, зар не?	You'd help us, wouldn't you?	помогао	0	0
Прекини ме само ако је баш неопходно.	Only interrupt me if it's strictly necessary.	прекини	0	0
Štedim da kupim novi saksofon.	I've been saving up to buy a new saxophone.	štedim	0	0
Siguran sam da bi Tom najradije ostao.	I'm sure Tom would rather stay.	najradije	0	0
Јеси ли за чај?	Would you care for tea?	чај	0	0
Марија је једина девојчица у свом одељењу.	Mary is the only girl in her class.	девојчица	0	0
Покушао сам да се убијем три пута.	I've attempted suicide three times.	убијем	0	0
Не слажем се ни са једним од вас двојице.	I don't agree with either of you.	слажем	0	0
Preseci papir napola.	Cut the paper in half.	preseci	0	0
Baš je lako pisati ovom olovkom.	This pen is very easy to write with.	olovkom	0	0
Ти си болестан!	You're sick!	болестан	0	0
Trebalo bi da se presvučeš u civilnu odeću.	You should change into civilian clothes.	presvučeš	0	0
Cilj nije da se utiče na trenutnu proizvodnju nafte, već da se zamrači energetska budućnost te zemlje.	The goal is not to affect current oil production, but to obscure that country's energy future.	trenutnu	0	0
U pećinama se mogu pronaći stalaktiti i stalagmiti, minerali, biljni i životinjski svet.	In the caves one can find stalactites and stalagmites, minerals, and plant and animal life.	životinjski	0	0
Bio je to veliki podsticaj za ekonomiju.	It was a great boost to the economy.	podsticaj	0	0
Pravda mora biti potpuno zadovoljena.	Justice must be done.	zadovoljena	0	0
Наједном, Том се зграби за груди од бола.	Suddenly, Tom grabbed his chest in pain.	груди	0	0
Том ће зауставити Мери.	Tom will stop Mary.	зауставити	0	0
Da li je Tom izvukao deblji kraj?	Is Tom getting a raw deal?	deblji	0	0
Зови ме у било које доба. Увек имам раме за плакање.	Call me anytime. I always have a shoulder to cry on.	доба	0	0
Uspevam.	I'm managing.	uspevam	0	0
Fokusiram se na posao.	I'm focusing on my job.	fokusiram	0	0
Brkovi rastu na gornjoj usni.	A mustache grows on the upper lip.	gornjoj	0	0
Koliko često kačiš snimke na Jutjub?	How often do you upload videos to YouTube?	kačiš	0	0
Da li se ponašam budalasto?	Am I being foolish?	budalasto	0	0
Tom je najpametnija osoba koju poznajem.	Tom is the smartest person I know.	najpametnija	0	0
Осећам се лоше јер сам лагао.	I feel bad about lying.	лагао	0	0
Имамо озбиљан проблем.	We have a serious problem.	озбиљан	0	0
Video sam nilskog konja u zoološkom vrtu.	I saw a hippopotamus at the zoo.	zoološkom	0	0
Volela bih da pročitaš tu knjigu koju sam preporučila.	I wish you'd read that book I recommended.	preporučila	0	0
Остани у кревету до следећег понедељка.	Stay in bed until next Monday.	кревету	0	0
Tom se bio napio i utopio je svoju tugu, posle te jedne noći pijančenja.	Tom got drunk and drowned his sorrows in that one night of intemperance.	utopio	0	0
Nikad se nisam dopadao svojoj majici.	My mother never liked me.	dopadao	0	0
Uzimam vitamine svaki dan.	I take vitamins every day.	vitamine	0	0
Навикао сам се на говоре у јавности.	I've gotten used to speaking in public.	говоре	0	0
Количина сна која је потребна особи пуно зависи од година.	The amount of sleep a person needs depends largely on their age.	зависи	0	0
Tom je protrljao magičnu lampu, i sto je odmah bio prekriven najukusnijim jelima.	Tom rubbed the magic lamp, and immediately the table was covered with delicious dishes.	magičnu	0	0
Tom je napisao dugačko pismo Meri, ali joj ga nije poslao.	Tom wrote Mary a long letter, but he didn't send it to her.	dugačko	0	0
Sarađujem.	I'm cooperating.	sarađujem	0	0
Дођи овамо. Желим да покажем нешто.	Come here. I want to show you something.	покажем	0	0
Ona je instruktorka joge.	She's a yoga instructor.	joge	0	0
To je povukao ručicu.	Tom pulled a lever.	ručicu	0	0
Možeš da učiš, nezavisno od starosti.	You can learn, no matter your age.	nezavisno	0	0
Možeš li da je zamoliš da me pozove?	Could you ask her to call me?	zamoliš	0	0
Жена је млада.	The woman is young.	млада	0	0
Daćemo im moralnu podršku.	We will give them moral support.	moralnu	0	0
Koje godište je tvoj auto?	What year was your car made?	godište	0	0
Нису сви желели да помогну.	Not everyone wanted to help.	желели	0	0
Обуци неку пристојну одећу.	Put on some decent clothes.	одећу	0	0
Šta si zaključila?	What have you concluded?	zaključila	0	0
Tom voli ekstremne sportove.	Tom likes extreme sports.	ekstremne	0	0
Ja sam arheolog.	I'm an archaeologist.	arheolog	0	0
Imamo dva televizora.	We have two television sets.	televizora	0	0
Tom nije pokušao da porekne Merinu osudu.	Tom didn't try to deny Mary's accusation.	osudu	0	0
Parovi u vezi na daljinu znaju da rizikuju - a da ne spominjemo žrtvovanja na koja su primorani.	Couples in long distance relationship know that they run a risk - not to mention the sacrifices they have to make.	rizikuju	0	0
Вратила сам Тому новац који сам му дуговала.	I paid Tom back the money that I owed him.	вратила	0	0
Сећате се?	Remember?	сећате	0	0
Све што можете је да верујете једни другима.	All you can do is trust one another.	једни	0	0
Мршава особа може да остане мршава и девела особа може да остане дебела док посвећено вежба уколико та вежба није усмерена како треба.	A thin person can remain thin and a fat person remain fat while exercising assiduously if the exercise is not properly directed.	уколико	0	0
Moraš da se fokusiraš na svoje vrline.	You need to focus on your strengths.	fokusiraš	0	0
Шаљем ти реченицу кад се најмање надаш.	I'm sending you this sentence when you least expect it.	најмање	0	0
Можете ли да ми препоручите добар хотел у околини?	Can you recommend a good hotel in the area?	хотел	0	0
Ovo prevazilazi sve granice.	That is going too far.	prevazilazi	0	0
Шта је велика тајна?	What's the big secret?	тајна	0	0
Ovo će nam učiniti posao mnogo lakšim.	This will make our job much easier.	lakšim	0	0
Kad sam shvatio da sam najvažnije izostavio iz govora, već je bilo prekasno.	I discovered too late that I left out the most important part of my speech.	izostavio	0	0
U tom momentu, eksplodiralo je sa velikim praskom.	At that instant it exploded with a great noise.	eksplodiralo	0	0
Zarazna si.	You're contagious.	zarazna	0	0
Замолио сам Тома за савет.	I asked Tom for his advice.	савет	0	0
Помозите ми, молим вас.	Help me, please.	помозите	0	0
Рат још није готов.	The war isn't over yet.	готов	0	0
Na sistemu je završena popravka posle tri godine volonterskog rada.	After three years of work by volunteers, the system has been fully repaired.	popravka	0	0
Чекамо новог тренера.	We are waiting for the new coach.	новог	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	gorko	0	0
Proizvođači oružija treba da doniraju svoj novac organizacijama koje mogu da pomognu zemljama u ratu.	Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.	oružija	0	0
Свако може да добије вашке.	Anyone can get head lice.	добије	0	0
"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	naplaćuje	0	0
To je rutinska stvar.	This is a straightforward case.	rutinska	0	0
Postoji li ikakav dokaz?	Is there any proof?	ikakav	0	0
Imam jakih razloga da verujem da se moj sin Sérgio Melo danas, 11. Maja 2014. u Nedelju, registrovao na Tatoeba-i kao 20 000 član!	I have strong reasons to believe that my son Sérgio Melo has registered at Tatoeba today, Sunday, May 11 2014, as member number 20,000.	jakih	0	0
Klin se klinom izbija.	Fight fire with fire.	izbija	0	0
Била је млада девојка, отприлике твојих година.	She was a young girl about your age.	твојих	0	0
Изгледају здраво.	They look healthy.	изгледају	0	0
Čak ni glavni detektiv kao Tom ne može da savlada sve probleme bez značajne pomoći kolega i saradnika.	Even a chief detective like Tom fails in doing his job, without the huge help of colleagues and associates.	savlada	0	0
Сви заслужују срећу.	Everybody desires happiness.	срећу	0	0
Muka mi je od svih žalbi.	I'm sick of all the complaints.	žalbi	0	0
Mislim da se Tom trudio da me impresionira.	I think Tom has been trying to impress me.	impresionira	0	0
Том има усвојену ћерку.	Tom has an adopted daughter.	ћерку	0	0
Како мислиш да ћеш проћи на тесту сутра?	What do you think you'll score on tomorrow's test?	проћи	0	0
Нажалост, истина је.	It's unfortunately true.	нажалост	0	0
Трудна сам.	I'm pregnant.	трудна	0	0
Птице полажу јаја.	Birds lay eggs.	јаја	0	0
Разумете?	Got it?	разумете	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	ispune	0	0
Ima li nekih skrivenih plaćanja?	Are there any hidden fees?	skrivenih	0	0
Морали смо да чекамо много дуго.	We had to wait a very long time.	чекамо	0	0
Jedan čovek je uhapšen i optužen za namerno ubistvo iz nehata 25-godišnje Marije Tomson.	One man has been arrested and charged with the voluntary manslaughter of 25-year-old Mary Tomson.	nehata	0	0
Два дечака су истрчала из собе.	Two boys came running out of the room.	собе	0	0
Тишина, молим.	Silence, please.	тишина	0	0
Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	istraživanjem	0	0
Хајде да срушимо овај зид.	Let's tear down this wall.	зид	0	0
Tom nije mogao da prisustvuje sastanku jer je bio bolestan.	Tom couldn't attend the meeting because he was sick.	prisustvuje	0	0
Тренутно код себе немам документ који тражите.	I don't have the document you're requesting on hand right now.	тражите	0	0
Tom veoma vešto ume da promeni temu razgovora.	Tom is very good at changing the subject.	vešto	0	0
Превише сте млади.	You're too young.	млади	0	0
Краве дају млеко.	Cows supply milk.	дају	0	0
Tom i Meri su zajedno gledali suton.	Tom and Mary watched the sunset together.	suton	0	0
Како диван поглед!	What a beautiful view!	диван	0	0
Мислим да би тај број требало да износи тридесет хиљада.	I think that number should be thirty thousand.	хиљада	0	0
Не говорим француски, али разумем помало.	I don't speak French, but I do understand a bit.	помало	0	0
Tom je usvojio rusku rečenicu.	Tom adopted a Russian sentence.	usvojio	0	0
Oklevao je na trenutak.	He hesitated for a second.	oklevao	0	0
Istinu nije uvek lako da prepoznaš.	The truth isn't always easy to recognize.	prepoznaš	0	0
Probudio sam se pre sat vremena i u međuvremenu sam oprao zube, umio se i obrijao se, i uradio jutarnju gimnastiku.	I got up an hour ago and in the meantime I've brushed my teeth, washed and shaved myself and done my morning gymnastics.	jutarnju	0	0
Мислим да је боље да одмах одведемо Тома у болницу.	I think we'd better get Tom to the hospital right away.	болницу	0	0
Šekspir je napisao mnogo zanimljivih drama.	Shakespeare wrote a lot of interesting plays.	zanimljivih	0	0
Ne podržavaš me baš nešto mnogo.	You're not being very supportive.	podržavaš	0	0
Glavni razlog zbog kojeg deca lažu jeste da bi izbegla nevolje.	The main reason kids tell lies is to avoid getting into trouble.	izbegla	0	0
Plivanje čini tvoje noge jačim.	Swimming makes your legs stronger.	jačim	0	0
Какав си ти то адвокат?	What kind of lawyer are you?	адвокат	0	0
Ljudi treba da prestanu sa mržnjom.	People need to stop hating.	mržnjom	0	0
Гладан сам јер сам прекочио доручак.	I'm hungry because I skipped breakfast.	гладан	0	0
Tom je otputovao na legendarnom Orijent Ekspresu iz Pariza u Istanbul.	Tom traveled on the legendary Orient Express from Paris to Istanbul.	otputovao	0	0
Видео сам дечака који носи смеђе ципеле.	I saw a boy wearing brown shoes.	дечака	0	0
Гладни кучићи лају на улици.	Hungry puppies are barking on the street.	улици	0	0
Srce mi je bilo ispunjeno radošću.	My heart was filled with joy.	ispunjeno	0	0
Uvređen sam.	I'm offended.	uvređen	0	0
Не знам када ће тачно Том стићи.	I don't know exactly when Tom will arrive.	стићи	0	0
Том углавном ради као фриленсер.	Tom works mainly as a freelancer.	углавном	0	0
Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	nadzire	0	0
U Turskoj, svaka škola mora da ima Ataturkov spomenik.	In Turkey, every school has to have an Atatürk effigy.	turskoj	0	0
Срећни празници.	Happy Holidays.	срећни	0	0
Tom zna da se više od 91 odsto Norveškog stanovništva snadbeva pijaćom vodom iz površinskih izvora.	Tom knows that more than 91 per cent of the Norwegian population is supplied with potable water from surface water sources.	odsto	0	0
Umeš li da čitaš fonetske simbole?	Can you read phonetic symbols?	simbole	0	0
У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	слично	0	0
Журка је била у понедељак увече.	The party was Monday night.	увече	0	0
Sve se odigralo brzinom svetlosti.	Everything happened at lightning speed.	odigralo	0	0
Lako je da se statistika pogrešno tumači.	Statistics are easy to misinterpret.	statistika	0	0
Ja sam španski državljanin.	I am a Spanish citizen.	državljanin	0	0
Poznavanje stranih jezika je korisno za svakoga.	Knowledge of foreign languages is useful for everyone.	poznavanje	0	0
Neću se petljati sa time.	I won't tamper with it.	petljati	0	0
Voleo bih da možeš da prespavaš.	I wish you could stay the night.	prespavaš	0	0
Можеш да останеш на вечери.	You can stay for dinner.	вечери	0	0
Том не чује Мери.	Tom can't hear Mary.	чује	0	0
Занимљиво је.	It's interesting.	занимљиво	0	0
Луда си.	You are crazy.	луда	0	0
Tom je buljio u stopala.	Tom stared at his feet.	buljio	0	0
Ta tkanina nije iz Indije, zar ne?	Its fabric didn't come from India, did it?	tkanina	0	0
Кад иде књига на штампу?	When does the book go to press?	књига	0	0
Program postavlja uslove za razvoj i implementaciju projekata.	The program sets the terms for project development and implementation.	projekata	0	0
Задржи то.	Keep that.	задржи	0	0
Ne pevajte.	Don't sing.	pevajte	0	0
Добро је чути ти глас.	It's good to hear your voice.	чути	0	0
Ретко је мудро пешачити после журке; једини циљ у кретању би био одржавање топлоте, јер се хладноћа мора избећи по сваку цену,	It is seldom wise to try and walk after the party; the only object in moving would be to keep warm, for a chill must be avoided.	сваку	0	0
Jedan je senator nazvao predsednika druge zemlje, oficirem stare obaveštajne službe koji bi želeo da povrati staru imperiju te zemlje.	One senator has called a president of another country, an officer of the old intelligence service which would like to restore that country's old empire.	imperiju	0	0
Сви знамо да је злато теже од сребра.	We all knew that gold was heavier than silver.	злато	0	0
Ja sam pod drvetom.	I'm under the tree.	drvetom	0	0
Večito je nezadovoljan.	He's always dissatisfied.	večito	0	0
Meri je pomalo atraktivna.	Mary is moderately attractive.	atraktivna	0	0
Играм разби.	I play rugby.	играм	0	0
Том би био будала да уради то.	Tom would be foolish to do that.	будала	0	0
Već sam ga poručio.	I've already ordered it.	poručio	0	0
Изгубили смо контакт.	Communications broke down.	контакт	0	0
Станите са леве стране бицикла, и држите седиште десном руком.	Stand on the left-hand side of the bicycle, and hold the saddle with the right hand.	станите	0	0
Tom je previše siromašan da unajmi advokata.	Tom is too poor to hire a lawyer.	unajmi	0	0
Том је рекао да ће звати у 02:30.	Tom said he'd call back at 2:30.	звати	0	0
Posle letnjeg raspusta, deca moraju da se vrate u školu.	After the summer holidays, the children have to go back to school.	raspusta	0	0
Kiša je nastavila da lije ceo dan.	The rain continued to pour all day.	lije	0	0
Elektronika obezbeđuje višestepeno i jednostavno prilagođavanje protoka vazduha.	A simple multi-stage adjustment of the air flow is provided electronically.	obezbeđuje	0	0
Да ли се шалиш?	Are you kidding?	шалиш	0	0
Он ради ноћу.	He works at night.	ноћу	0	0
Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	zahtevati	0	0
Не потцењуј њену одлучност.	Don't underestimate her determination.	њену	0	0
Hvala Vam na toplim rečima.	Thank you for your warm words.	toplim	0	0
Помислио сам да би то могао да буде случај.	I thought that that might be the case.	помислио	0	0
Јесте ли направили списак ствари које желите да купите?	Did you make a list of the things that you want to buy?	направили	0	0
Potražila sam sok od grožđa.	I asked for grape juice.	potražila	0	0
Оставила сам Тома.	I dumped Tom.	оставила	0	0
Мишљење ми се није променило.	My opinion hasn't changed.	мишљење	0	0
Јуче се убила.	She killed herself yesterday.	убила	0	0
Nešto je trulo u državi Danskoj.	There's something rotten in the state of Denmark.	danskoj	0	0
Влада је одбила захтев.	The government turned down the request.	влада	0	0
Враћа ли се Том вечерас?	Is Tom coming back tonight?	враћа	0	0
Sa strašnim zakašnjenjem je avion Norwegian-a sa Hartsfilda-Džekson aerodroma u Atlanti za Oslo konačno mogao da se uputi za Norvešku u utorak veče.	A heavily delayed Norwegian airplane was able to finally depart from the Hartsfield-Jackson airport in Atlanta and head for Oslo on Tuesday night.	strašnim	0	0
Одмах сам знао да сам у невољи.	I immediately knew I was in trouble.	невољи	0	0
Nemojte da vičete.	Don't yell.	vičete	0	0
Nekoliko vatrogasaca je pretrpelo lakše povrede.	A few firefighters suffered minor injuries.	vatrogasaca	0	0
Stigli smo do amazonske kišne šume.	We researched the Amazon rainforest.	kišne	0	0
Узмите ове.	Take these.	узмите	0	0
Marija dobro poznaje radna uputstva i tehničke propise.	Mary has good knowledge of working instructions and technical regulations.	propise	0	0
Требаће ми операција.	I'll need surgery.	требаће	0	0
Moraš da odeš na audiciju pre nego što se pridružiš horu.	You have to have an audition before you can join the choir.	horu	0	0
Kako biste vi to preveli?	How would you translate it?	preveli	0	0
Том живи у Бостону са женом и децом.	Tom lives in Boston with his wife and children.	женом	0	0
Tom je strastven biciklista.	Tom is an avid cyclist.	strastven	0	0
Дозволи да вас упознам.	Let me introduce you.	дозволи	0	0
Метак је прошао кроз његово тело.	The bullet went through his body.	метак	0	0
Saobraćajne nesreće se dešavaju svakog dana.	Traffic accidents happen every day.	saobraćajne	0	0
Када завршите са читањем књиге, вратите је на полици са које сте је узели, молим.	After you finish reading that book, please put it back on the shelf where you found it.	узели	0	0
Mislim da mogu da ti uštedim neko vreme.	I think I can save you some time.	uštedim	0	0
Поврела сам Томова осећања.	I hurt Tom's feelings.	осећања	0	0
Можете ли да упалите светло, молим вас?	Could you turn the light on, please?	светло	0	0
Naša škola je osnovana 1990. godine.	Our school was founded in 1990.	osnovana	0	0
Da li stižeš uskoro?	Are you almost here?	stižeš	0	0
Šta misliš, koji članak je bio najčitaniji ove godine na japanskoj verziji Vikipedije?	What do you think was the most read article this year on the Japanese version of Wikipedia?	verziji	0	0
Она се још није привикла на мобилни телефон.	She still hasn't got used to the mobile telephone.	мобилни	0	0
Imun sam.	I'm immune.	imun	0	0
Како живиш без телефона?	How do you live without a phone?	телефона	0	0
Tom je dosta tajanstven.	Tom is quite secretive.	tajanstven	0	0
Nakon dugog razmatranja, na kraju sam nasumice pravio stvari.	After long reflection, I decided to take things as they come.	nasumice	0	0
Бол је био толико јак да нисам могла да спавам.	The pain was so intense that I couldn't sleep.	спавам	0	0
Ja sam samo prosečna devojka.	I'm just an average girl.	prosečna	0	0
Tom se pitao zašto je Meri napisala njegovo ime na poleđini sveske.	Tom wondered why Mary had written his name on the back cover of her notebook.	poleđini	0	0
U pećinama se mogu pronaći stalaktiti i stalagmiti, minerali, biljni i životinjski svet.	In the caves one can find stalactites and stalagmites, minerals, and plant and animal life.	biljni	0	0
Sarađivali smo.	We've been cooperative.	sarađivali	0	0
Срећна сам што лек који ми је доктор преписао ради.	I'm happy the medicine the doctor prescribed really worked.	лек	0	0
Samo vršim svoju dužnost.	I'm only doing my duty.	vršim	0	0
Planiranje treba da prepustiš meni.	You should leave the planning to me.	prepustiš	0	0
J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	vršio	0	0
Знам да је веома тешко престати с пушењем.	I know it's very difficult to quit smoking.	престати	0	0
Када креће следећи воз за Бостон?	What time does the next train going to Boston leave?	креће	0	0
Ostao je trajno paralizovan posle nesreće.	The accident left him permanently paralyzed.	paralizovan	0	0
Провери наруџбину.	Check your order.	провери	0	0
Можеш ићи на спавање сада.	You can go to sleep now.	спавање	0	0
Meri je koristila štapove za hodanje koje su joj pomogle pri usponima i padovima na putovanju.	Mary used walking poles to assist her with the uphill and downhill sections of the journey.	štapove	0	0
Kada je napisao pismo, Tom ga je stavio u kovertu i zalepio je.	After writing the letter, Tom put it in an envelope and sealed it.	zalepio	0	0
Postoji malo sumnje da će rezanje u već ogoljenom sistemu imati dramatične posledice za industriju i opštine u ruralnim oblastima.	There is little doubt that the tightening of an already stripped system will have dramatic consequences for industry and municipalities in rural areas.	oblastima	0	0
Ти си разлог због којег сам дошла.	You're the reason I came.	којег	0	0
Vrh planine je bio prekriven snegom.	The top of the mountain was covered with snow.	snegom	0	0
Snažni vetrovi su sinoć odlomili mnogo grana sa stabala.	The strong winds knocked down a lot of tree branches last night.	stabala	0	0
Било је преко тридесеторо деце на броду који је потонуо.	There were over thirty children on board the ship that sank.	броду	0	0
To su ohrabrujuće vesti.	That's encouraging news.	ohrabrujuće	0	0
Да ли Том верује Мери?	Does Tom trust Mary?	верује	0	0
Sadašnje vreme je dobro vreme.	The present time is a good time.	sadašnje	0	0
Обе смо стигле отприлике у исто време.	We both arrived roughly at the same time.	обе	0	0
Срећа па лек који ми је доктор преписао стварно делује,.	I'm happy that the medicine the doctor prescribed really worked.	срећа	0	0
Čak ni glavni detektiv kao Tom ne može da savlada sve probleme bez značajne pomoći kolega i saradnika.	Even a chief detective like Tom fails in doing his job, without the huge help of colleagues and associates.	značajne	0	0
Већина људи је добила део новца натраг.	Most people got some of their money back.	натраг	0	0
Tokom poslednjih nekoliko dana sam se bavio istraživanjem u vezi sa zaradom novca pomoću projekta, ali mislim da će sve opcije zahtevati naglu promenu mog načina života, što je nezgodna stvar.	I've been doing research over the last few days about how I might make money from the project, but I think all my options will require a severe shift in the way I live, which is a tricky thing.	nezgodna	0	0
Mer je pružala veliku podršku.	Mary was very supportive.	mer	0	0
Да ли је неко чуо Тома да је напустио кућу?	Did anyone hear Tom leave the house?	напустио	0	0
Том води књиге.	Tom keeps the books.	књиге	0	0
Nisam naviknut na to.	I'm not used to that.	naviknut	0	0
Kontaktirajte me ako imate neka pitanja.	Contact me if you have any questions.	kontaktirajte	0	0
Ниједан такси не стаде.	No taxi stopped.	ниједан	0	0
U spavaćoj sobi imam ogledalo od poda do plafona.	I have a full-length mirror in my bedroom.	plafona	0	0
U šahu postoje situacije u kojima se isplati da se žrtvuje figura da se stekne prednost na dugi rok.	In chess, there are situations where it pays off to sacrifice a piece to gain an advantage over the long term.	stekne	0	0
Изабрао сам Тома за капитена тима.	We made Tom the team captain.	тима	0	0
Сумњам да ће Том и даље бити љут.	I don't think that Tom would still be mad.	сумњам	0	0
Наставите.	Keep going.	наставите	0	0
Uspostavili su Vazduhoplovnu Zajedničku Komandu gde su direktor i načelnik štaba bili, respektivno, iz Mornarice i Vojske.	They have established an Air Force Joint Command where the manager and chief of staff come respectively from the Navy and the Army.	uspostavili	0	0
Tako je prelako.	It's too easy that way.	prelako	0	0
Koliko sam uspeo da vidim, u ovoj oblasti nema puno pešaka.	There is not a lot of foot traffic in this area so far as I have seen.	pešaka	0	0
Хтео бих да боље погледам.	I'd like to get a better look at that.	погледам	0	0
"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	šrafciger	0	0
Не брините.	No worries.	брините	0	0
Том је скинуо веренички прстен и ставио га у џеп кошуље.	Tom took off his wedding ring and put it in his shirt pocket.	прстен	0	0
Том није мислио да ће се жив извући из зграде у пламену.	Tom didn't think that he'd make it out of the burning building alive.	извући	0	0
Он воли животиње.	He loves animals.	животиње	0	0
Том ради у канцеларији без прозора.	Tom works in a windowless office.	канцеларији	0	0
Том добија ужасне оцене.	Tom gets terrible grades.	добија	0	0
Треба користити само уље најбољег квалитета и чист графит.	Only oil of the best quality and pure graphite should be used.	користити	0	0
Kontaktiraj Toma.	Contact Tom.	kontaktiraj	0	0
Kada vikanje ne pomaže, viči glasnije!	When yelling doesn't work, yell louder!	vikanje	0	0
Smeraš neki nestašluk večeras ili ne?	Are you up to any shenanigans tonight, or are you having a quiet one?	smeraš	0	0
Tom bi mogao da prebije svakog.	Tom could beat anybody.	prebije	0	0
Nemojte da stajete.	Don't stop.	stajete	0	0
Имаш ли старију сестру?	Do you have an older sister?	сестру	0	0
Видео сам на хиљаде звезда.	I could see thousands of stars.	звезда	0	0
Imam skoro četrdeset i još sam neudata.	I am nearly forty and still unmarried.	neudata	0	0
Ispod crteža, napisao je "Ugrabite viršle!".	Under the cartoon, he wrote "Get your hot dogs!"	viršle	0	0
Spustio sam poslužavnik na sto.	I set the tray down on the table.	poslužavnik	0	0
Uspeću.	I'll manage.	uspeću	0	0
Проверите, молим вас.	Please make sure.	проверите	0	0
Tom je još uvek frustriran.	Tom is still frustrated.	frustriran	0	0
Tom je bio nervozan dok je počinjao novi posao.	Tom was nervous starting his new job.	počinjao	0	0
Овај је највећи.	This is the largest.	највећи	0	0
Гради се нова школа.	A new school is being built.	школа	0	0
Državljanstvo je preduslov za glasanje.	Citizenship is a prerequisite for voting.	državljanstvo	0	0
Da li su zaljubljene?	Are they in love?	zaljubljene	0	0
Том је једини хранилац у породици.	Tom is the only breadwinner in the family.	породици	0	0
Нико други не би разумео ово.	No one else would've understood this.	разумео	0	0
Da bi promenio crveno meso, skuvao sam ćureće grudi u sosu od pečuraka za večeras.	For a bit of a change from red meat, for tonight I've cooked turkey breasts in mushroom sauce.	skuvao	0	0
Ne ide mi plesanje.	I'm no good at dancing.	plesanje	0	0
Imam modricu.	I have a bruise.	modricu	0	0
Она делује богато.	She seems rich.	делује	0	0
Ценим сву помоћ коју могу да добијем.	I appreciate all the help I can get.	сву	0	0
To menije interesovalo.	I wasn't interested in it.	interesovalo	0	0
Ко онда остаје?	Who does that leave?	остаје	0	0
Kako da se otarasite krtica u bašti?	How do you get rid of moles in the garden?	otarasite	0	0
Tom je bio moj sin jedinac.	Tom was my only child.	jedinac	0	0
Hoćeš li voćni đus?	Do you want fruit juice?	đus	0	0
Ламе се дуго времена користе у истраживању антитела.	Llamas have long been used in antibody research.	користе	0	0
Ukrcajte se.	Come aboard.	ukrcajte	0	0
Обично слушам радио-станицу на којој се пушта класична музика.	I usually listen to a radio station that plays classical music.	слушам	0	0
Не мислим да треба да бринем око тога.	I don't think that I need to worry about that.	бринем	0	0
Zašto ste svi šokirani?	Why are you all shocked?	šokirani	0	0
Ležim i slušam direktni prenos sa demonstracija u Oslu.	I am listening to the live broadcast from the demonstration in Oslo while lying down.	direktni	0	0
Tom je izgledao veoma zbunjeno.	Tom looked very puzzled.	zbunjeno	0	0
Tom je progovorio skoro plačući.	Tom spoke with tears in his voice.	plačući	0	0
Стара столица зашкрипа под њеном тежином.	The old chair groaned under her weight.	њеном	0	0
Имам нож.	I have a knife.	нож	0	0
Нестала је.	She disappeared.	нестала	0	0
Tom je popunio rupe.	Tom filled up the holes.	popunio	0	0
Jednoglasno su zaključili da je on prekršio pravila o nelojalnoj imitaciji i dobre poslovne prakse u zakonu o reklamiranju.	They unanimously concluded that he had violated the rules against unfair imitation as well as good business practices under marketing law.	jednoglasno	0	0
Никако да јој се сетим имена.	I just can't remember her name.	никако	0	0
Студенти су се вратили.	The students have returned.	вратили	0	0
Atomska energija se može koristiti u miroljubive svrhe.	Atomic energy can be utilized for peaceful purposes.	atomska	0	0
Moramo odmah da delujemo.	We must act at once.	delujemo	0	0
Osećajte se kao kod kuće!	Make yourself at home!	osećajte	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	motivacija	0	0
Nisam dobar plivač.	I'm not a good swimmer.	plivač	0	0
Трчи брзо!	Run fast!	трчи	0	0
Nova grana ka Haugesundu će postati glavna efektivna putna veza ka Oslu i Istočnoj Norveškoj za ceo zapadni region.	A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.	region	0	0
Како је прошао час француског?	How was the French class?	прошао	0	0
Неке ствари никад не старе.	Some things never get old.	старе	0	0
Mnogo hvala za komentar koji inspiriše.	Thank you very much for an inspiring comment.	inspiriše	0	0
Крени сада.	Start now.	крени	0	0
Lako je izmeniti email adrese tako da e-mail izgleda kao da je stigao od nekog drugoga.	It is easy to fake email addresses so that an e-mail looks like it comes from someone else.	izmeniti	0	0
Буди јак.	Be strong.	јак	0	0
Ја сам њима објаснио правила игре.	I explained the rules of the game to them.	игре	0	0
Дао сам му твоју адресу.	I gave him your address.	адресу	0	0
Том је имао неколико ствари које је желео да пита Мери.	Tom had several things he wanted to ask Mary.	пита	0	0
Вратићу се касније.	I'll be back later.	вратићу	0	0
Ne staj.	Don't stop.	staj	0	0
Мислим да се то рачуна.	I think that counts.	рачуна	0	0
Зар те није страх да ћеш да закасниш?	Aren't you afraid that you'll be late?	страх	0	0
Очекују да ће ускоро донети одлуку.	They're expected to make a decision soon.	донети	0	0
Meri je nosila papuče u obliku zeke.	Mary wore bunny slippers.	zeke	0	0
Утакмица је намамима добру публику.	The game drew a good crowd.	добру	0	0
Жива истина.	It's so true.	жива	0	0
Време је за одмор.	It's break time.	одмор	0	0
Svirali su gitaru i harmoniku.	They played guitar and accordion.	harmoniku	0	0
Лети!	Fly!	лети	0	0
U pećinama se mogu pronaći stalaktiti i stalagmiti, minerali, biljni i životinjski svet.	In the caves one can find stalactites and stalagmites, minerals, and plant and animal life.	pećinama	0	0
Желите ли да чујете истину о том догађају?	Would you like to know the truth about this event?	чујете	0	0
Чиме ће се то заменити?	What'll it be replaced with?	чиме	0	0
Том је осуђен за убиство првог степена.	Tom was charged with first degree murder.	првог	0	0
Izgledali ste besno.	You guys looked mad.	besno	0	0
Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	završne	0	0
Радим ово јако дуг временски период.	I've been doing this for a very long time.	дуг	0	0
Razveseli se!	Cheer up!	razveseli	0	0
Bila je bljuzgavica na putu gde je izleteo automobil sa letnjim gumama.	There was slush on the road where the car, which had summer tires, was being driven.	izleteo	0	0
Кажу ми да изгледам добро.	I've been told that I'm good-looking.	изгледам	0	0
Нема сумње да на свету постоји савршена жена коју би сваки мушкарац желео да ужени и обрнуто; али када се узме у обзир да човек има прилику да се упозна са свега неколико стотина људи, и од неколико стотина људи да десетак или мање интимно упозна, а од тих десетак да буде пријатељ са највише једним или двоје, лако се види, када се сетимо да овај свет насељују милиони, да веорватно, откако је Земља настала, прави мушкарац још увек није нашао праву жену.	Doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.	сумње	0	0
Зашто ниси кренуо први?	Why didn't you go first?	кренуо	0	0
Prevela sam pesmu najbolje što sam umela.	I translated the poem as well as I could.	umela	0	0
Човек при здравој памети не би урадио то.	A sane man wouldn't do that.	при	0	0
Nikada nisam voleo biologiju.	I never liked biology.	biologiju	0	0
Priključi se.	Come along.	priključi	0	0
Био сам уморан и више нисам имао шта да радим.	I was tired and had nothing else to do.	уморан	0	0
Бићемо добро шта год се десило.	We'll be fine no matter what happens.	бићемо	0	0
Danas je brod bio iznad Srednjeatlanskog Grebena - planinskog venca koji se nalazi na dnu okeana, na dubinama do 4500 metara.	Today, the ship remained over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge - a mountain range located on the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 3 miles.	dubinama	0	0
После посла, Том се вратио кући својој жени.	After work, Tom went home to his wife.	жени	0	0
Tom i Marija su zajedno skočili sa Preikestolna sa padobranom. To je bilo kratak, ali magični doživljaj.	Tom and Mary once jumped together from Pulpit Rock with a parachute. It was a short but magical experience.	skočili	0	0
Дивим се вашој храбрости.	I admire you for your courage.	вашој	0	0
Узми оба.	Take both.	оба	0	0
Том треба да иде код доктора.	Tom needs to see a doctor.	доктора	0	0
Pregazi preko bilo kakve prepreke sa ovim čudovištem od kamiona!	Run over any obstacle with this monster truck!	pregazi	0	0
И ја се плашим.	I'm scared, too.	плашим	0	0
Hoće neko u Diznilend sa mnom?	Anybody wanna go to Disneyland with me?	diznilend	0	0
Planiraju da organizuju zabavu.	They plan to have a party.	organizuju	0	0
Tomov auto ima sto konjskih snaga.	Tom's car has 100 horsepower.	konjskih	0	0
Јебем ти Тома!	Damn Tom!	јебем	0	0
Ко је чекао?	Who waited?	чекао	0	0
Питам се да ли је Том знао да је Марија стварно морала да уради то.	I wonder if Tom knew Mary really needed to do that.	марија	0	0
Нико не сме да уђе без наше дозволе.	Nobody can enter without our permission.	сме	0	0
Том је корисни идиот.	Tom is a useful idiot.	идиот	0	0
Znao sam da ne treba da se petljam u tvoja ćaknuta posla.	I knew I should never have gotten involved with your harebrained scheme.	petljam	0	0
Изгледа да се Том плаши.	Tom seems afraid.	плаши	0	0
Одавно сам стигао овде.	I got here a long time ago.	одавно	0	0
Hodajte polako.	Walk slowly.	hodajte	0	0
Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	prisluškuje	0	0
Ako postoji, postoji porno verzija toga. Nema izuzetaka.	If it exists, there is porn of it. No exceptions.	izuzetaka	0	0
Moderna, racionalna, logična i nepristrasna nauka nam je već dala daleko sigurnija saznanja i nemerljivo više nego što nam je bilo koja religija ikada dala.	Modern, rational, logical and unprejudiced science has already given us far more secure knowledge and immeasurably more than any religion has ever given us.	sigurnija	0	0
Zbog njenih fizičkih nedostataka, Meri koristi štap za hodanje kada je napolju.	Because of her physical disability Mary now uses a walking stick when she has to go outdoors.	fizičkih	0	0
Aviokompanija će se pobrinuti da pošalje Vaš prtljag sve do konačnog odredišta što pre, ili kasnije ako tako želi putnik.	The airline makes sure to send luggage all the way to the final destination as soon as possible, or at a later date, at the passenger's choice.	odredišta	0	0
Останите овде.	Stay here.	останите	0	0
Узмите овај лек када се не осећате добро.	Take this medicine when you feel bad.	осећате	0	0
Упомоћ!	Help!	упомоћ	0	0
Odbegli zatvorenik nije uhvaćen.	The escaped prisoner hasn't been caught.	odbegli	0	0
Путовање ће коштати највише 1000$.	At the most, the trip will cost $1,000.	путовање	0	0
Моје куче је веће од твог.	My dog is bigger than yours.	веће	0	0
Да ли си се изгубила?	Are you lost?	изгубила	0	0
Danas ću ukazati na prednosti i mane outsourcinga.	Today I'll point out the pros and cons of outsourcing.	ukazati	0	0
Мислим да ћу изгубити.	I think that I'll lose.	изгубити	0	0
Коју врсту књига волиш?	What kinds of books do you like?	врсту	0	0
Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	ogromnoj	0	0
Море је јуче било опако.	The sea was rough yesterday.	море	0	0
Treba li da Škotska postane nezavisna zemlja?	Should Scotland be an independent country?	škotska	0	0
Волим да носим кравате.	I like to wear ties.	носим	0	0
Doneo sam ove izveštaje da ih detaljnije pogledaš.	I brought these reports for you to examine.	detaljnije	0	0
Како је слатко!	So cute!	слатко	0	0
Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	formacija	0	0
Nikada ranije nismo igrale fudbal.	I've never played soccer before.	igrale	0	0
Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	modernom	0	0
Да ли смем да оперем сво своје рубље одједном?	May I wash all my laundry at once?	смем	0	0
Zašto nisi dozvolio Tomi da priča s Marijom?	Why didn't you let Tom talk to Mary?	marijom	0	0
Tom sada upozorava da će volja njegovog oca verovatno biti izvršena u potpunosti.	Tom now warns that his father's will will probably be carried out completely.	upozorava	0	0
Час почиње тек у пола девет.	Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.	час	0	0
Знао сам како се Том осећао.	I knew how Tom felt.	осећао	0	0
Kao svedoci surovog odnosa prema životinjama, deca mogu postati surova.	Witnessing cruelty to animals, children may become cruel.	surova	0	0
To si lepo skapirao.	You've got that right.	skapirao	0	0
Ne vičite.	Don't yell.	vičite	0	0
Tom je otputovao na legendarnom Orijent Ekspresu iz Pariza u Istanbul.	Tom traveled on the legendary Orient Express from Paris to Istanbul.	istanbul	0	0
Postoji očigledna razlika između dobrih i najboljih.	There is an obvious distinction between the good and the best.	očigledna	0	0
Том је већ знао да ће Мери бити на његовој рођенданској журци.	Tom already knows Mary will be at his birthday party.	његовој	0	0
Рекао сам Тому да не излази са мојом ћерком.	I told Tom not to date my sister.	мојом	0	0
Da li je neophodno da praviš toliku galamu?	Is it necessary to make so much noise?	galamu	0	0
Говори шта хоћеш, ја нећу променити мишљење.	Say what you will; I won't change my mind.	променити	0	0
Да ли је програм довољно брз?	Is the program fast enough?	програм	0	0
Oni su poboljšali bezbednosne provere, i pripremljeni su za najgore.	They have enhanced security checks and are prepared for the worst.	pripremljeni	0	0
Da li smo mi to nedemokratski kada pokušavamo da nad drugima forsiramo naše sopstvene jezičke norme?	Are we undemocratic when we try to impose our own linguistic norms on others?	norme	0	0
Можда је већ прекасно.	It may be too late already.	прекасно	0	0
Пазите је.	Watch her.	пазите	0	0
Хоће да студира музику и плес.	He wants to study music and dance.	плес	0	0
Tom je uzeo slobodne dane da otputuje na Tajland.	Tom took some time off to travel to Thailand.	tajland	0	0
Tom je bio vidno potresen.	Tom was visibly shaken.	potresen	0	0
Том је прилично искрен.	Tom is quite honest.	искрен	0	0
Узео сам камен и бацио га на куче.	I picked up a rock and threw it at the dog.	камен	0	0
Звали су.	They called.	звали	0	0
Нико није успео да нађе одговор.	No one has been able to find the answer.	нађе	0	0
Рука руку мије.	One hand washes the other.	рука	0	0
Том је чуо како га неко зове по имену.	Tom heard somebody call his name.	имену	0	0
Sklona je kašnjenju.	She tends to be late.	sklona	0	0
Нешто стиже.	Something is coming.	стиже	0	0
Ја дајем предност кафи и тосту за доручак.	I prefer coffee and toast for breakfast.	доручак	0	0
Зато морам да опет полажем тест.	That's why I have to take the test again.	тест	0	0
Svako može da dobije vaške.	Anyone can get head lice.	vaške	0	0
Том је бивши робијаш.	Tom is an ex-con.	бивши	0	0
Da li ste obojice pijani?	Are you both drunk?	obojice	0	0
Njegov avion je već bio poleteo kad sam stigao na aerodrom Narita.	His airplane had already left when I got to Narita Airport.	poleteo	0	0
Опосум је америчка животиња која има главу као лисица и велике очи.	The opossum is an American animal, having a head like the fox, and large eyes.	животиња	0	0
Tom će da pričeka.	Tom'll wait.	pričeka	0	0
Voda koja kaplje ne odranja kamen snagom nego istrajnošću.	Dripping water wears away a stone not with its strength, but with its constancy.	kaplje	0	0
Ovde se pojave da uživaju uz fontanu sa ledom, pivom i korpom za izlet.	Here they show up to enjoy themselves by the fountain with ice, beer and picnic basket.	fontanu	0	0
Tom je skakao gore-dole.	Tom jumped up and down.	skakao	0	0
Маштала је да постане медицинска сестра.	She dreamed of becoming a nurse.	постане	0	0
Nemoj da se svađaš.	Don't fight.	svađaš	0	0
Imate li strane markice?	Do you have any foreign stamps?	markice	0	0
Требало ми је тридесет минута за запалим ватру.	It took me thirty minutes to get the fire started.	ватру	0	0
Najjače preporučujemo da koristite jedan od tri unapred definisana režima za postizanje optimalnih rezultata.	We highly recommend using one of three preset modes to achieve optimal results.	režima	0	0
Veoma je verovatno da je FIFA trula do srži.	It's quite likely that FIFA is rotten to the core.	trula	0	0
Problematična deca su često bez bilo kakvog osećaja krivice.	Troubled children often lack any sense of guilt.	problematična	0	0
Nema svrhe samo čekati da se nešto dogodi; moraš odmah nešto da preduzmeš.	It's no good waiting for something to happen; you must take action at once.	preduzmeš	0	0
Добра забава.	It's good fun.	забава	0	0
Бетин есперанто је стварно одличан.	Betty's Esperanto is really great.	одличан	0	0
Sigurna sam da ću pobediti na tom teniskom meču.	I'm sure that I'll win that tennis match.	meču	0	0
Postoji malo sumnje da će rezanje u već ogoljenom sistemu imati dramatične posledice za industriju i opštine u ruralnim oblastima.	There is little doubt that the tightening of an already stripped system will have dramatic consequences for industry and municipalities in rural areas.	rezanje	0	0
То није моја одлука.	It's not my decision.	одлука	0	0
Imam kamen u cipeli.	There is a stone in my shoe.	cipeli	0	0
Том рече да се шета сваког дана.	Tom said that he takes a walk every day.	рече	0	0
Том је провео преко три сата тражечи кључеве, али их још увек није нашао.	Tom spent more than three hours looking for his keys, but he still hasn't found them.	провео	0	0
Будућност не припада онима који су меког срца, већ онима који су храбри.	The future does not belong to the faint-hearted, it belongs to the brave.	припада	0	0
Немам душу.	I don't have a soul.	душу	0	0
Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	provincije	0	0
Чекају нас.	They're waiting for us.	чекају	0	0
Том је почео да ме напада.	Tom began attacking me.	напада	0	0
Лепо речено!	Well said!	речено	0	0
"Škoti su rekli ne odvajunju od Velike Britanije." - Ovo je rezultat ankete na dan izbora.	"The Scots say no to a separation from Great Britain." This is the result of a poll from the voting day.	ankete	0	0
Infracrveni i ultraljubičasti zraci su vrste svetlosti nevidljive ljudskom oku.	Infrared and ultra-violet rays are types of light invisible to the human eye.	nevidljive	0	0
Tom je instalirao solarne panele na krovu svoje kuće.	Tom had solar panels installed on the roof of his house.	solarne	0	0
Devet FIFA zvaničnika je uhapšeno i optuženo za mito i korupciju.	Nine FIFA officials have been arrested and charged with racketeering and bribery.	korupciju	0	0
Он тврди да постоји блиска веза између редоследа рођења и личности.	His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality.	веза	0	0
Прилично сам сигуран да су и Том и Мери завршили са тим.	I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have both finished doing that.	завршили	0	0
SAD su bacile atomsku bombu na Hirošimu 1945.	The USA dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima in 1945.	atomsku	0	0
Нисам очекивао да ћеш бити овде.	I wasn't expecting you to be here.	очекивао	0	0
Tom me uvek nasmeje.	Tom always made me laugh.	nasmeje	0	0
Ova će zgrada biti sagrađena u gradu.	This building will be built in the city.	sagrađena	0	0
Гледајте овде.	Look here.	гледајте	0	0
Nemaju šupu.	They don't have a shed.	šupu	0	0
Има масну косу.	He has greasy hair.	косу	0	0
Стигла ми је порука јутрос.	I got the message just this morning.	порука	0	0
Да ли се Тому свиђа италијанска храна?	Does Tom like Italian food?	храна	0	0
Prevesti ili ne je moralni izbor prevodioca. Stvari nekad bolje zvuče ako ostanu takve kakve jesu u jeziku na kome su stvorene.	Whether to translate is a moral choice of the translator. Sometimes things are better to be left alone in the language which produced them.	stvorene	0	0
Istražite ga.	Examine it.	istražite	0	0
Tom je fudbaler u godinama.	Tom is an old footballer.	fudbaler	0	0
Nažalost, on je prešao da od svemogućeg Boga postane nemoćan, prljavi, mali i neznačajni čovek u ćošku male provincije u ogromnoj imperiji.	Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.	nemoćan	0	0
Nasmejala se.	She smiled.	nasmejala	0	0
Ово је најхладнија зима у последњих тридесет година.	This is the coldest winter that we've had in thirty years.	последњих	0	0
Они су потребни једни другима.	They needed one another.	другима	0	0
Oni su mi bili jedan od omiljenih bendova u srednjoj školi.	They were one of my favorite bands in high school.	bendova	0	0
Ушли смо у парк.	We entered the park.	парк	0	0
Дајем све од себе да завршим све до понедељка.	I'm doing my best to get everything done by Monday.	дајем	0	0
Скроз разумем.	I totally get it.	скроз	0	0
Том ли мисли да смо глупи?	Does Tom think we're stupid?	глупи	0	0
Tomova najmlađa ćerka je njegova miljenica.	Tom's youngest daughter is his favorite.	najmlađa	0	0
Претпостављам да ти то неће требати.	I suspect you won't need that.	требати	0	0
Čula sam da će se Tom i Meri venčati u oktobru.	I heard that Tom and Mary will get married in October.	oktobru	0	0
Том хоће да једе нешто друго.	Tom wants to eat something else.	једе	0	0
Мораћу да радим до касно следећег понедељка	I'll have to work late next Monday.	следећег	0	0
Молим те, одговори ми.	Please answer me.	одговори	0	0
Oni su poboljšali bezbednosne provere, i pripremljeni su za najgore.	They have enhanced security checks and are prepared for the worst.	bezbednosne	0	0
Knjizi nedostaju drugo, peto i trinaesto poglavlje.	The book is missing the 2nd, 5th, and 13th chapters.	peto	0	0
Тома су данас послали у директорову канцеларију.	Tom got sent to the principal's office today.	послали	0	0
Нисам савршен.	I'm not perfect.	савршен	0	0
Том је генерал у пензији.	Tom is a retired general.	генерал	0	0
Danas nisam kročio napolje.	I haven't set foot outside the house today.	kročio	0	0
U prozorskom staklu vidim odraz mog lica.	I see my reflection in the window.	staklu	0	0
Ovom cvetu ne treba puno svetlosti da bi preživelo.	This plant doesn't need a lot of light.	preživelo	0	0
Ne govorim turski.	I can't speak Turkish.	turski	0	0
Ми мислимо да ће он доћи.	We think that he will come.	мислимо	0	0
Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	opšta	0	0
Karolina je tužna, jer ne može da zatrudni.	Carolina is sad because she cannot conceive.	zatrudni	0	0
Мислиш да је понуда коју су дали Тому фер?	Do you think they gave Tom a square deal?	фер	0	0
Prestani da gledaš TV i kreni sa učenjem.	Stop watching TV and start studying.	učenjem	0	0
U decembru ima 31 dan.	December has thirty-one days.	decembru	0	0
Uništićeš vid ako stalno igraš igrice.	You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.	uništićeš	0	0
Нећеш заувек моћи да се кријеш од полиције.	You won't be able to hide from the police forever.	полиције	0	0
Ova poznata glumica je bila i modna ikona.	This famous actress was also a fashion icon.	ikona	0	0
Jesi li zaboravio da zaključaš vrata sinoć?	Did you forget to lock the door last night?	zaključaš	0	0
Predlažemo da se kvalitet vode proverava jednom godišnje u cevima, dvaput u bunaru.	We recommend that mains water have a water-quality test carried out once a year, well water twice a year.	cevima	0	0
Пробај!	Try!	пробај	0	0
Можеш да останеш у соби.	You can stay in a room.	останеш	0	0
Сва светла у граду се изненада угасише.	All the lights in the city suddenly went out.	светла	0	0
Никад не бих веровао Тому.	I'd never trust Tom.	веровао	0	0
Какву будућност прижељкујеш?	What kind of future are you wishing for?	какву	0	0
Jedva sam uspeo da sakrijem svoje ogorčenje zbog njene drskosti.	I could barely contain my indignation at her impudence.	drskosti	0	0
Lopov se ušunjao kroz prozor.	The thief snuck in through the window.	ušunjao	0	0
Дајем све од себе да завршим све до понедељка.	I'm doing my best to get everything done by Monday.	завршим	0	0
Vrlo ste nepristojni.	You're very rude.	nepristojni	0	0
Mont Blank je najviša planina u Alpima.	The Mont Blanc is the highest mountain in the Alps.	najviša	0	0
Том је веома забринут за здравље своје мајке.	Tom is very worried about his wife's health.	забринут	0	0
Ti si melem za dušu.	You're a sight for sore eyes.	melem	0	0
Требаш ми овде сад.	I need you here now.	требаш	0	0
Tom je sipao sebi još jedan skoč.	Tom poured himself another scotch.	skoč	0	0
Секси је.	He's sexy.	секси	0	0
Да ли играш фудбал са својим пријатељима?	Do you play soccer with your friends?	играш	0	0
Nova grana ka Haugesundu će postati glavna efektivna putna veza ka Oslu i Istočnoj Norveškoj za ceo zapadni region.	A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.	norveškoj	0	0
Voziću.	I'll drive.	voziću	0	0
Struji mi adrenalin.	I'm having an adrenaline rush.	struji	0	0
Том је трећи супруг моје ћерке.	Tom is my daughter's third husband.	трећи	0	0
Била је слепа, глува, и глупа.	She was blind, deaf, and dumb.	глупа	0	0
Pogledaćemo kasnije.	We'll look at it later.	pogledaćemo	0	0
Чекајте мој сигнал.	Wait for my signal.	сигнал	0	0
Хоћу велико венчање.	I want a big wedding.	венчање	0	0
Tomove roletne su spuštene.	Tom's blinds are closed.	roletne	0	0
Nisam mogo da pomognem Tomu da uradi to.	I couldn't help Tom do that.	mogo	0	0
Uspavala sam se.	I overslept.	uspavala	0	0
Ne tuci se.	Don't fight.	tuci	0	0
Шта то ми уствари тражимо?	What exactly are we looking for?	уствари	0	0
Dobar pisac može da preoblikuje i poboljšava svoj tekst mnogo puta.	A good writer can reshape and improve his text many times.	poboljšava	0	0
Cirih se smatra jednim od velikih finansijskih centara.	Zurich is considered to be a major financial hub.	finansijskih	0	0
Приметио сам да је Том спавао на часу.	I noticed Tom was sleeping in class.	приметио	0	0
Pozajmiću ti radnu svesku ako mi obećaš da nećeš ništa pisati po njoj.	I'll lend you my textbook if you promise not to write anything in it.	pozajmiću	0	0
Моли се!	Pray!	моли	0	0
Само престани да бринеш.	Just stop worrying.	бринеш	0	0
Izvini što te nisam više podržavao kada ti je to bilo potrebno.	I'm sorry for not being more supportive when you needed me to be.	podržavao	0	0
Том, за разлику од неких од нас, је прилично добар у томе.	Tom, unlike some of us, is pretty good at doing that.	неких	0	0
Nemojte da buljite.	Don't stare.	buljite	0	0
To je Saturn.	That's Saturn.	saturn	0	0
Какав трапав кретен!	What a clumsy idiot!	кретен	0	0
Moj otac je građevinski inženjer.	My father is a civil engineer.	građevinski	0	0
Jа сам равноземљаш.	I'm a flat-earther.	jа	0	0
То је безопасна лаж.	It is a white lie.	лаж	0	0
Ne treba se gađati kamenjem u staklenoj kući.	Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones.	gađati	0	0
Tom šapuće nešto Meri.	Tom is whispering something to Mary.	šapuće	0	0
Nije moguće pokrenuti ovaj program u DOS režimu.	This program cannot be run in DOS mode.	dos	0	0
Бојим се да обојица имају лошу репутацију.	I'm afraid they both have bad reputations.	обојица	0	0
Raznolikost je začin života.	Variety is the spice of life.	začin	0	0
Ваш син је много сличан вашем оцу.	Your son is a lot like your father.	оцу	0	0
Крвари му нос.	His nose is bleeding.	нос	0	0
Не волим кинеску храну колико водим мексичку храну.	I don't like Chinese food as much as I like Mexican food.	водим	0	0
Pregazi preko bilo kakve prepreke sa ovim čudovištem od kamiona!	Run over any obstacle with this monster truck!	čudovištem	0	0
Време прође.	Time passed.	прође	0	0
Само наглас размишљам.	I'm just thinking out loud.	размишљам	0	0
To je priličan problem.	That's quite a problem.	priličan	0	0
Да ли мислиш да ћеш бити у Аустралији током целог лета?	Do you think you'll be in Australia all summer?	лета	0	0
Ljudi koji krše zakon bivaju kažnjeni.	People who break the law are punished.	krše	0	0
Ispod drveta je klupa.	There is a bench under the tree.	klupa	0	0
Морала је да напусти свог насилног супруга.	She had to leave her abusive husband.	супруга	0	0
Променио си мој живот.	You changed my life.	променио	0	0
J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	kretanju	0	0
Mislio sam da si si već postarao za to.	I thought you'd already taken care of that.	postarao	0	0
U uspešnom pregovaranju obično pobeđuju obe strane, i niko se ne ponaša na način koji šteti sopstvenim dugoročnim interesima, iako često postoji mala margina oko čega se može pregovarati.	In a successful negotiation both parties usually win, and no one acts in a way that damages their own long-term interests, even though there is often a small margin that one can negotiate about.	interesima	0	0
Пали су.	They fell.	пали	0	0
У ком правцу идеш?	Which way are you going?	ком	0	0
Usrećio ju je.	He made her happy.	usrećio	0	0
Том се није појавио на посао у понедељак ујутру.	Tom didn't show up for work on Monday morning.	појавио	0	0
Tom nije izgledao zadovoljno.	Tom didn't look pleased.	zadovoljno	0	0
J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	planetama	0	0
Попила сам вино.	I drank wine.	вино	0	0
Radimo šta nam se prohte.	We do anything we want.	prohte	0	0
Tom je ispustio prigušeni uzdah.	Tom stifled a groan.	uzdah	0	0
Преузмите контролу.	Take control.	контролу	0	0
Priče Snorija Sturlusona govore pored ostalog o tome da se Hrišćanstvo u Norveškoj širilo nasiljem.	Snorri Sturluson's stories tells, among other things, how Christianity was spread in Norway by force.	hrišćanstvo	0	0
Причали смо.	We talked.	причали	0	0
Ствари више никад неће бити исте.	Things will never be the same again.	исте	0	0
Спаси их.	Save them.	спаси	0	0
Mnogo kuća je izgorelo.	Many houses burned down.	izgorelo	0	0
Trebaće mi mala pomoć sa ovim zadatkom, jer ne shvatam osnovne stvari.	I'll need some help with this task because I don't get the basics.	zadatkom	0	0
Često posećujem Toma ponedeljkom.	I often visit Tom on Mondays.	posećujem	0	0
Река која тече кроз Париз назива се Сена.	The river that flows through Paris is called the Seine.	париз	0	0
Tom je bio iznerviran.	Tom was frustrated.	iznerviran	0	0
Да ли познајеш овог?	Do you know this one?	познајеш	0	0
Пацијент је издахнуо.	The patient breathed his last.	пацијент	0	0
Знам где ћу живети.	I know where I'll live.	живети	0	0
Emili je Engleskinja.	Emily is English.	engleskinja	0	0
Mnogo babica, kilavo dete.	Too many cooks spoil the broth.	babica	0	0
Izbeglice su dobrodošle.	Refugees are welcome.	dobrodošle	0	0
Imaš li Fejsbuk?	Do you have Facebook?	fejsbuk	0	0
Hamlet verovatno nije želeo da se venča. Postojao je samo jedan Hamlet; ipak, ima mnogo ljudi kao što je on.	Hamlet probably didn't want to get married. There was only one Hamlet, however there are many people like him.	hamlet	0	0
Мислим да сам починио савршен злочин.	I've committed the perfect crime, I think.	злочин	0	0
Nabavićemo vam jednog.	We can get one for you.	nabavićemo	0	0
Тому се не допада Мери. Не допада му се ни Алис.	Tom doesn't like Mary. He also doesn't like Alice.	допада	0	0
Jednostavnost je krajnja prefinjenost.	Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.	krajnja	0	0
Srce mi je bilo ispunjeno radošću.	My heart was filled with joy.	radošću	0	0
Стој право!	Stand straight!	стој	0	0
Др Џексон има добар однос према пацијенту.	Dr. Jackson has a good bedside manner.	однос	0	0
Бил је две године млађи од мене.	Bill is my junior by two years.	бил	0	0
Увек држим прозор отвореним док спавам.	I always leave the window open while I sleep.	држим	0	0
Smeh je zarazan.	Laughter is contagious.	zarazan	0	0
Том се враћао кући с посла када га је ударио камион.	Tom was on his way home from work when he was hit by a truck.	камион	0	0
Komitet preporučuje da oni koji su se žalili treba da budu nadoknađeni sa proporcionalnim delom godišnje naknade sa kamatama.	The Committee recommended that those complaining should be reimbursed with a proportionate share of the annual fee with interest.	naknade	0	0
On obožava rituale.	He loves rituals.	rituale	0	0
Pošto su posledice potencijalno ozbiljne, važi opšta mera opreza da se izbegnu infekcije kod ovog tipa pacijenata.	Since the consequences are potentially serious, general precautions should be taken with this type of patient to avoid infection.	izbegnu	0	0
Tofu dobro ide uz Sake.	Tofu goes well with sake.	tofu	0	0
Сазнао сам шта је Том учинио.	I found out what Tom did.	сазнао	0	0
Koja je lakša?	Which one is easier?	lakša	0	0
Узела сам још један гутљај.	I took another sip.	узела	0	0
Još uvek sam pospan.	I'm still half asleep.	pospan	0	0
Mario je kupio mikroskop.	Mario bought a microscope.	mikroskop	0	0
Вратила сам се у своје село током летњег распуста.	I went back to my village during the summer vacation.	село	0	0
Убијен је на лицу места.	He was murdered on the spot.	лицу	0	0
Нисам чуо ниједну његову песму.	I haven't listened to any of his songs.	песму	0	0
U životu ima i uspona i padova.	In life there are ups and downs.	padova	0	0
Nikad ranije nisam opazio to.	I've never noticed that before.	opazio	0	0
Riki, ovo je moj prijatelj Suzuki.	Ricky, this is my friend Suzuki.	suzuki	0	0
Том не разуме Мерину неодлучност да изађе са његовим братом.	Tom doesn't understand Mary's reluctance to go out with his brother.	изађе	0	0
Mlada devojka je zagrlila Toma.	The young girl hugged Tom.	zagrlila	0	0
U životu ima i uspona i padova.	In life there are ups and downs.	uspona	0	0
Овде је свеједно.	Anything goes here.	свеједно	0	0
Одлучио сам да позовем полицију.	I decided to call the police.	позовем	0	0
Али ценим што си то рекао.	I appreciate you saying that, though.	ценим	0	0
Nikada više neću pomenuti ovo.	I won't ever mention this again.	pomenuti	0	0
Ovde je preglasno za mene.	It's too noisy here for me.	preglasno	0	0
Tom je igrao s najvišom kartom.	Tom played his highest card.	kartom	0	0
Poklanjaju se jabuke i kruške, a ne zlato i zelene šume.	One gives away apples and pears, and not gold and green forests.	kruške	0	0
Војска је на северу да штити границу.	The army is in the north to protect the border.	војска	0	0
Faksom sam poslao mapu Tomu.	I faxed a map to Tom.	faksom	0	0
Ja verujem u Kajli Minog od 12. juna 1998.	I've believed in Kylie Minogue since June 12, 1998.	kajli	0	0
Не можеш побећи од прошлости.	You can't run from the past.	прошлости	0	0
Komentari moraju da budu u vezi sa temom.	Comments must be relevant to the topic.	komentari	0	0
Да ли је то једини излаз?	Is that the only way out?	излаз	0	0
Том није могао да одоли да не задиркује Мери због начина на који је обучена.	Tom just couldn't resist teasing Mary about the way she was dressed.	начина	0	0
Lepota je u oku posmatrača.	Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.	posmatrača	0	0
Неки истраживачи верују даголубови могу да осете магнетно поље Земље.	Some researchers believe that the pigeons can detect the Earth's magnetic field.	верују	0	0
Знам господина.	I know the gentleman.	господина	0	0
Reakcija nije uvek najbolji način delovanja.	Reaction is not always the best course of action.	delovanja	0	0
Одлазим.	I'm leaving.	одлазим	0	0
Ovo samo po sebi nije nešto novo za mene, ali je taj par želeo da živi u udobnom domu, što je zahtevalo sveobuhvatno renoviranje.	This is in itself not new for me, but the couple wanted to live in a comfortable home, which called for an extensive renovation.	renoviranje	0	0
Propustićeš sve.	You'll miss everything.	propustićeš	0	0
Tom će da se poboljša.	Tom'll improve.	poboljša	0	0
Том размишља да почне да штрајкује.	Tom is considering going on strike.	почне	0	0
Не смеш то да дираш.	You mustn't touch it.	смеш	0	0
Свиђају ми се ове ципеле.	I like those shoes.	ципеле	0	0
Имаш добар слух за музику.	You've got a good ear for music.	музику	0	0
Izgledaš bledo. Jesi li dobro?	You look very pale. Are you OK?	bledo	0	0
Гомила писама те чека.	There are dozens of letters waiting for you.	гомила	0	0
Том је назвао свог хрчка Куки.	Tom named his hamster Cookie.	назвао	0	0
Ne plašim se starenja.	I'm not afraid of growing old.	starenja	0	0
Mnogi bi rado bili motivisana, kreativna, misleća bića, samo ako bi dobili tu šansu.	Many people would like to be motivated, innovative, thinking beings if they could only get the opportunity.	kreativna	0	0
Hjustone, imali smo problem.	Houston, we've had a problem here.	hjustone	0	0
Plivanje je oblik vežbanja.	Swimming is a form of exercise.	vežbanja	0	0
Ja bih hteo molim Vas da sedim u odeljku za nepušače.	I'd like to sit in the no-smoking compartment, please.	odeljku	0	0
Crvenokose me izluđuju!	Redheads drive me crazy!	izluđuju	0	0
Миш жели да ухвати мачку.	The mouse wants to catch the cat.	ухвати	0	0
U šahu postoje situacije u kojima se isplati da se žrtvuje figura da se stekne prednost na dugi rok.	In chess, there are situations where it pays off to sacrifice a piece to gain an advantage over the long term.	šahu	0	0
Izvinila sam se.	I apologized.	izvinila	0	0
Том је рекао да је то шала.	Tom said that it was a joke.	шала	0	0
Нисам много спавао.	I don't get much sleep.	спавао	0	0
Izgleda kao da si smršao deset funti.	It looks like you've lost ten pounds.	smršao	0	0
Том хоће да кренемо.	Tom wants us to go.	кренемо	0	0
Много ћу научити од тебе.	I'm going to learn a lot from you.	научити	0	0
Iskoristićemo šta imamo.	We'll use what we have.	iskoristićemo	0	0
Пустио сам Тома да говори.	I let Tom speak.	пустио	0	0
То је прилично велики клуб.	It's a pretty big club.	клуб	0	0
Ало, не бежи!	Hey you, don’t run!	ало	0	0
Да ли Том мисли да требам ићи?	Does Tom think I need to go?	требам	0	0
Norveška ima dosta starih praznih štala.	Norway has many old empty cattle sheds.	štala	0	0
Гледао сам Тома како умире.	I watched Tom die.	умире	0	0
Мала је вероватноћа да ће Тома позвати да сведочи.	Tom isn't likely to be called as a witness.	позвати	0	0
Bila je to prezentacija koja godi publici.	It was the type of presentation which appeals to the audience.	godi	0	0
Ne možete da nas naterate da odemo.	You can't make us leave.	naterate	0	0
Волим сунчана јутра.	I like sunny mornings.	јутра	0	0
Јел чисто?	Is it clean?	чисто	0	0
Цело одељење је зурило у Тома.	The entire class stared at Tom.	цело	0	0
Ja sam Jorge.	I am Jorge.	jorge	0	0
Нисма члан комитета.	I'm not a member of the committee.	члан	0	0
Натерао сам Тома да плати.	I made Tom pay.	плати	0	0
Tom nije trebalo da zapiše svoju šifru na unutrašnjim koricama sveske.	Tom shouldn't have written his password on the inside cover of his notebook.	unutrašnjim	0	0
Заштити ме.	Protect me.	заштити	0	0
Пре или касније, мораћемо да купимо ТВ јер је ТВ који имамо сада веома стар.	Sooner or later, we'll have to buy a new TV since the TV we have now is a very old model.	тв	0	0
Jesi li na Fejsbuku?	Are you on Facebook?	fejsbuku	0	0
Удари Тома.	Hit Tom.	удари	0	0
Najbolje je stvari rešavati u hodu.	The best way is to take things as they come.	hodu	0	0
Muškaci žele da se osećaju poželjno.	Men want to feel needed.	poželjno	0	0
Да ли верујете у вечни живот?	Do you believe in eternal life?	верујете	0	0
Гасим ову операцију.	I'm closing this operation down.	операцију	0	0
Da li je istina da ćeš studirati u Bostonu?	Is it true that you're going to study in Boston?	studirati	0	0
Спасио сам Томовог пса од дављења.	I saved Tom's dog from drowning.	спасио	0	0
Просидба је била дивна.	It was a beautiful marriage proposal.	дивна	0	0
Човеков карактер је његова судбина.	A man's character is his fate.	судбина	0	0
Imam alergiju na mleko.	I have an allergy to milk.	alergiju	0	0
Pretrpeli smo teške gubitke.	We've suffered heavy losses.	pretrpeli	0	0
Uopšte nisam ogorčena.	I'm not bitter at all.	ogorčena	0	0
Било ми је мука.	I was feeling nauseous.	мука	0	0
Волео бих да више времена могу да проводим са својим пријатељима.	I wish I could spend more time with friends.	пријатељима	0	0
Oni svakodnevno služe svežu ribu i jastroge, koje dobijaju jednom nedeljno avionom iz Norveške.	Every day, they serve fresh fish and lobster, which they get weekly by plane from Norway.	norveške	0	0
Бори се!	Fight!	бори	0	0
Том није био мој професор француског.	Tom wasn't my French teacher.	професор	0	0
Trebalo bi da promeniš čaršave.	You should change your sheets.	čaršave	0	0
Vožnja do posla od sat i po smara.	Driving for one and a half hours to get to work is a bear.	smara	0	0
Нисам очекивао да ће ми платити.	I wasn't expecting to be paid.	платити	0	0
Срео сам Тома у шуми пре три године.	I met Tom in the winter three years ago.	срео	0	0
Ne potcenjuj me.	Don't underestimate me.	potcenjuj	0	0
Тражио сам од Тома дозволу да уради то.	I asked Tom for permission to do that.	дозволу	0	0
Шеф је рекао да је хитно!	The boss said it's urgent!	хитно	0	0
On je prvo uradio preliminarni test sa novim elektronskim alko-testom, pre nego što je poslat na laboratorijsko testiranje.	He was first subjected to a preliminary test with the new electronic breathalyzer before he was sent for a laboratory test.	preliminarni	0	0
Наслоних се на дрво.	I leaned against the tree.	дрво	0	0
Bila je bljuzgavica na putu gde je izleteo automobil sa letnjim gumama.	There was slush on the road where the car, which had summer tires, was being driven.	gumama	0	0
J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	matematičar	0	0
Već sam završio sa čitanjem ove knjige.	I have already finished reading this book.	čitanjem	0	0
Зашто си то рекао, забога?	Why on earth do you say that?	забога	0	0
Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	opiše	0	0
Ја студирам језике, могу ти помоћи ако желиш. А можда бих волео да и ти мени помогнеш.	I am studying languages. I can help you if you want me to. And maybe I'd like you to help me.	помогнеш	0	0
Срамота ме је што сам ти отац.	I'm ashamed to be your father.	срамота	0	0
Potpisaću.	I'll sign it.	potpisaću	0	0
U boljoj sam formi nego ti.	I'm in better shape than you are.	boljoj	0	0
Том није ленштина. Чињеница је да много ради.	Tom isn't a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.	чињеница	0	0
Достављамо широм света.	We ship worldwide.	широм	0	0
Том је знао многе столаре који су радили овде.	Tom knew many of the carpenters who worked there.	многе	0	0
Kakav koš Majkla Džordana!	What a basket by Michael Jordan!	džordana	0	0
Interabilnost je kompatibilnost sa drugim sistemima.	Interoperability means compatibility with other systems.	sistemima	0	0
Била је млада девојка, отприлике ваших година.	She was a young girl about your age.	ваших	0	0
Želim da idem na Bali.	I want to go to Bali.	bali	0	0
Sešću za sto tamo.	I'll sit down at the table over there.	sešću	0	0
Можда ускоро умрем.	I may die soon.	умрем	0	0
Možeš da svu robu šalješ poštom privatnim osobama i kompanijama.	You can use the post office to ship any goods to private individuals and companies.	kompanijama	0	0
Đus od pomorandže je najpopularniji sok u Americi.	Orange juice is the most popular juice in America.	najpopularniji	0	0
Ово траје читаву вечност.	This is taking forever.	траје	0	0
Fotografije prirode i životinja, slikane u potpunoj tišini i mirnoći, su prava remek-dela.	Nature photos of animals taken in complete tranquility and serenity are truly masterpieces.	potpunoj	0	0
Да ли ме пратите?	Are you with me?	пратите	0	0
Ово је наша станица. Морамо да сиђемо.	This is our stop. We have to get off.	станица	0	0
Вероватно бих урадио исту ствар.	I'd probably have done the same thing.	исту	0	0
Знала сам да Тома неће бити целе ноћи.	I knew Tom would be gone all night.	целе	0	0
Kada porastem hoću da budem kralj.	When I grow up, I want to be a king.	porastem	0	0
Ova poznata glumica je bila i modna ikona.	This famous actress was also a fashion icon.	modna	0	0
Upravo se radi na rešavanju problema.	The problem's being looked into as I speak.	rešavanju	0	0
Jawbreaker je okrugla višeslojna bombona slično kao što je biser.	A jawbreaker is a round candy, multi-layered like a pearl.	okrugla	0	0
Лепе су.	They are pretty.	лепе	0	0
Baš si se brzo ugojio.	You sure got fat fast.	ugojio	0	0
Изгледало је као да Том жели да не успем.	Tom seemed to want me to fail.	изгледало	0	0
Opekao sam jezik.	I burnt my tongue.	opekao	0	0
Kaže se da je sagrađen novi restoran.	It is said that a new restaurant was constructed.	sagrađen	0	0
Da bi se obezbedila efikasna zaštita motora i podmazivanje pod svim uslovima rada, koristite samo najbolje motorno ulje.	To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.	obezbedila	0	0
Tom bi mogao da bude prerušen.	Tom could be disguised.	prerušen	0	0
Pikaso je čuveni umetnik.	Picasso is a famous artist.	pikaso	0	0
Nisam imao nikakvih pritužbi do sada.	I haven't had any complaints so far.	pritužbi	0	0
Zbog ovoga mi je jako neudobno.	This makes me very uncomfortable.	neudobno	0	0
Pazi! U bašti je pet gladnih sovjetskih krava.	Watch out! There are five hungry Soviet cows in the garden!	gladnih	0	0
Не мрдај док не дођем по тебе.	Stay put till I get to you.	мрдај	0	0
Стигле смо прве.	We arrived first.	прве	0	0
Томов ауто има сто коњских снага.	Tom's car has 100 horsepower.	снага	0	0
Не слажем се ни са једним од вас двојице.	I don't agree with either of you.	једним	0	0
Norveški diplomata je bio neprijateljski raspoložen prema Sovjetskom Savezu. Pa je KGB pokrenula akciju kompromitovanja protiv tog Norvežanina. On je imao rusku devojku i bio je zamoljen da odmah napusti zemlju.	A Norwegian diplomat had been hostile to the Soviet Union, so the KGB initiated a compromising action against the Norwegian. He had a Russian girlfriend and was asked to immediately leave the country.	sovjetskom	0	0
Komitet preporučuje da oni koji su se žalili treba da budu nadoknađeni sa proporcionalnim delom godišnje naknade sa kamatama.	The Committee recommended that those complaining should be reimbursed with a proportionate share of the annual fee with interest.	preporučuje	0	0
Izbegavaj zavisnike na razređivaču za boje.	Stay away from thinner addicts.	izbegavaj	0	0
Dobaci mi šećer, molim te.	Pass me the sugar, please.	dobaci	0	0
У почетку Бог је створио небо и Земљу.	In the beginning God created Heaven and Earth.	почетку	0	0
Који је укус?	What flavor is it?	укус	0	0
Логика је очигледно твоја јача страна.	Logic is obviously your strong point.	страна	0	0
Никада нећу заборавити тај тренутак, када сам држала делфина у својим рукама.	I'll never forget the moment I held a dolphin in my hands.	заборавити	0	0
Том није успео да узме оно што ми је требало.	Tom wasn't able to get what I wanted.	узме	0	0
Nikad u životu nisam nosila spavaćicu.	I've never worn a sleeping gown in my life.	spavaćicu	0	0
Довољно је стар да јој буде деда.	He's old enough to be her grandfather.	стар	0	0
Никог није брига за моје проблеме.	Nobody cares about my problems.	никог	0	0
On je biolog.	He's a biologist.	biolog	0	0
Bio sam na mnogo tuči jastukom tokom moje školske ekskurzije.	I had a lot of pillow fights during my school trip.	jastukom	0	0
Да, баш то је поента.	Yes, that's exactly the point.	поента	0	0
Čvrsto sam protiv kompromisa.	I'm strongly opposed to a compromise.	kompromisa	0	0
Коју игрицу хоћеш да играмо?	Which game would you like to play?	играмо	0	0
Већ сам причала са Томом о његовим оценама.	I've already talked with Tom about his grades.	његовим	0	0
Izašao sam na pogrešnoj autobuskoj stanici.	I got off at the wrong bus stop.	autobuskoj	0	0
Zažmuri, Tome.	Close your eyes, Tom.	zažmuri	0	0
Убиј то.	Kill it.	убиј	0	0
Сви те се овде боје.	Everyone here is afraid of you.	боје	0	0
Nisu uspeli da nastave tako i u drugom poluvremenu.	They did not manage to keep it up in the second half.	poluvremenu	0	0
Pogledaj u šta sam izrastao!	Look at what's become of me!	izrastao	0	0
И мени се свиђа та музичка група.	I love that band, too.	група	0	0
Веома си сладак.	You're very sweet.	сладак	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	večnog	0	0
Покушали су.	They tried.	покушали	0	0
Позови га да дође.	Have him come.	позови	0	0
Имати велику снагу, физичку или моралну, а не злоупотребити је бар понекад, тешко је, готово немогуће.	To possess strength, whether physical or moral and not to take advantage of it at least occasionally it's hard, nearly impossible.	снагу	0	0
Само сам хтео да проверим мејл.	I just wanted to check my email.	проверим	0	0
Подигни руку ако хоћеш карту.	Raise your hand if you want a ticket.	карту	0	0
Како фино!	How nice!	фино	0	0
Ukrcaj se.	Come aboard.	ukrcaj	0	0
Još uvek čekam svoju porudžbinu.	I'm still waiting for my order.	porudžbinu	0	0
Ја само вршим своју дужност.	I'm only doing my duty.	дужност	0	0
Том је закопан на малом гробљу одмах изван Бостона.	Tom is buried in a small cemetery just outside of Boston.	изван	0	0
Tom je zastao na sekund.	Tom paused a second.	zastao	0	0
Čovek ima mnogo želja koje on zapravo ni ne želi da se ispune i bilo bi čak i pogrešno pretpostaviti suprotno. On želi da one ostanu samo želje, one imaju vrednost samo u njegovoj mašti; njihovo ispunjenje bilo bi gorko razočarenje za njega. Jedna od takvih želja je i želja za večnim životom. Da je ispunjena, čovek bi postao potpuno bolestan od večnog života, i čeznuo bi za smrću.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	ispunjenje	0	0
Престани да лажеш.	Stop lying.	лажеш	0	0
Боли ме стомак.	My stomach hurts.	стомак	0	0
Луди сте.	You are crazy.	луди	0	0
Једем месо сваки дан.	I eat meat every day.	месо	0	0
Хајде да говоримо на француском.	Let's speak in French.	говоримо	0	0
Dalek je put od zavisnosti od nafte do društva zasnovanog na obnovljivoj energiji.	There is a long way from oil dependence to a renewable energy society.	energiji	0	0
Не видим тату.	I can't see my dad.	тату	0	0
Osećam se kao da sam bačen u veliko ništavilo.	I feel as if I've been thrown into oblivion.	ništavilo	0	0
Ići ću automobilom.	I'll be taking the car.	automobilom	0	0
Појачај звук.	Turn the volume up.	звук	0	0
Био бих веома поносан на тебе ако би урадио то.	I'd be very proud of you if you did that.	поносан	0	0
Da li je ovo pastuv ili kobila?	Is this a stallion or a mare?	kobila	0	0
Ово лето је ужасно вруће.	This summer is awfully hot.	вруће	0	0
Једва чекам да се упознам са Томом.	I'm excited at the prospect of meeting Tom.	упознам	0	0
Приложила сам документ који сте тражили.	I've attached the document that you requested.	тражили	0	0
"Ovo je došlo za tebe." "Uh..." "Nego, sećaš li se one koju ti je poslala kada si je zamolio da ti da slike Epldžekovog brata?" "Da." I onda ti je rekla da napišeš kritiku Mekovog fizičkog izgleda." "Da." "Onda je poslala kritiku Meku." "...Da." "Šta si joj rekao da si naučio iz toga?" "Shvatio sam da je Filipsov šrafciger ubedljiv, ali ne zavodljiv; i da Reriti žestoko naplaćuje stvari koje mislim da treba da uradi kao prijatelj."	"This came for you." "Urgh..." "So hey, you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of Applejack's brother?" "Yeah." "And then she told you to write a critique on Mac's physical appearance." "Yeah." "Then she sent the critique to Mac." "...Yeah." "What did you tell her you learned from that?" "I found that a Phillips screwdriver is persuasive, but not seductive; and also Rarity charges up the butt for stuff I really think she should do as a friend."	meku	0	0
Колумбо је открио Америку.	Columbus discovered America.	открио	0	0
Волите ли јабуке?	Do you like apples?	волите	0	0
Можете да користите мој сто.	You may use my desk.	користите	0	0
Ударио тук на лук.	Diamond cuts diamond.	лук	0	0
Нико не зна где је тачно Том Џексон рођен.	No one knows exactly where Tom Jackson was born.	рођен	0	0
Том је одмах добио отказ.	Tom was immediately fired.	отказ	0	0
Njihova bliskost je bila tajanstvena, obzirom na to da su se upoznali pre samo tri dana.	Their propinquity was uncanny, as they'd met only three days ago.	bliskost	0	0
Popravili smo neka oštećenja izazvana prskanjem kamenja na tvom automobili.	We have fixed some damage from rocks flying onto your car.	izazvana	0	0
Наћи ћеш нам канцеларију на првом спрату.	You’ll find our office on the first floor.	првом	0	0
Ја само добро,хвала што питате!	I'm fine, thanks for asking!	питате	0	0
Šest podeljeno sa dva je tri.	Six divided by two equals three.	podeljeno	0	0
Tom ima dobrog mentora.	Tom had a good mentor.	mentora	0	0
Moj otac sluša klasičnu muziku.	My father listens to classical music.	klasičnu	0	0
Наћи ћеш нам канцеларију на првом спрату.	You’ll find our office on the first floor.	канцеларију	0	0
Иди нађи нешто друго да радиш.	Go find something else to do.	нађи	0	0
Само сам извршавала наређења.	I was only carrying out orders.	наређења	0	0
Том је видео много мртвих риба у језеру.	Tom saw a lot of dead fish in the lake.	риба	0	0
Том није успевао да затвори прозор.	Tom couldn't get the window closed.	затвори	0	0
Научници то тумаче на другачији начин.	Scientists interpret it differently.	другачији	0	0
Tom je prolupao.	Tom went bonkers.	prolupao	0	0
Том је из малог града на око три сата одавде.	Tom is from small town about three hours from here.	малог	0	0
Питер воли Џејн.	Peter loves Jane.	питер	0	0
Дај човеку рибу и нахрани га за дан. Научи човека да пеца и нахрани га за живот.	Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.	човеку	0	0
Колико си касно остала?	How late did you stay?	остала	0	0
Том говори лажи.	Tom tells lies.	лажи	0	0
Bez tebe se osećam izgubljenim.	I feel lost without you.	izgubljenim	0	0
Možete pisati na bilo kom jeziku. Na Tatoebi su svi jezici ravnopravni.	You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.	jezici	0	0
Rastojanje između moje kuće i tvoje kuće je dva kilometra.	The distance from my house to your house is two kilometers.	rastojanje	0	0
Корпа за отпатке је пуна.	The wastebasket is full.	пуна	0	0
Пијан си!	You are drunk!	пијан	0	0
Sigurnost u sebe, motivacija i dobar metod igraju mnogo važniju ulogu u učenju jezika od maglovitog koncepta urođene sposobnosti, i to što bavljenje jezicima nije samo efektivan i veseo način za upoznavanje sa drugim ljudima, već i način da se održi balans između mentalne kapacitivnosti i duha osobe.	Self-assurance, motivation, and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability, and that dealing with languages is not only an effective and joyful means of developing human relationships, but also of preserving one’s mental capacity and spiritual balance.	jezicima	0	0
Mislim da je Tom učtiv.	I think Tom is polite.	učtiv	0	0
Он је познат као велики сликар.	He is known as a great painter.	познат	0	0
To je bezopasna laž.	It is a white lie.	bezopasna	0	0
Овај град има уске улице.	This town has narrow streets.	улице	0	0
Идем аутом до града, па могу да те одбацим успут.	I'm driving into town so I can drop you off on the way.	успут	0	0
U ovom rečniku se napisane 1000 reči uz to da sve one moraju biti zapamćene do jula.	There are 1,000 English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.	napisane	0	0
Сломићеш врат.	You'll break your neck.	врат	0	0
Технологија мора да се користи за добро, не за зло.	Technology must be used for good, not evil.	зло	0	0
Osećam se kao da ću da se srušim.	I feel like I'm about to collapse.	srušim	0	0
Ona je bila veoma ambiciozna žena.	She was a very ambitious woman.	ambiciozna	0	0
Šetali smo parkom.	We walked in the park.	parkom	0	0
Firma je propala zbog nedostatka kapitala.	The firm went under due to lack of capital.	kapitala	0	0
Hoćeš li pozvati tog svestranog momka, našeg poznanika iz Bergena?	Are you going to call that versatile guy, our casual acquaintance from Bergen?	poznanika	0	0
Можеш ли да нађеш неког да ми преведе ово?	Could you get someone to translate this for me?	нађеш	0	0
Пре бих користио маслиново уље него путер.	I'd rather use olive oil than butter.	користио	0	0
Желим ту торбу.	I want that bag.	торбу	0	0
Девојка Пица и господин каша шетали су у шуми.	Miss Pizza and Mr Porridge were walking in the woods.	шуми	0	0
Fasciniran sam.	I'm fascinated.	fasciniran	0	0
Majka mi je bila alkoholičarka.	My mother was an alcoholic.	alkoholičarka	0	0
Siguran sam da ću da dobijem taj teniski meč.	I'm sure that I'll win that tennis match.	teniski	0	0
Желм адвоката.	I want an attorney.	адвоката	0	0
Mislim da Tom voli bezbol.	I think Tom likes baseball.	bezbol	0	0
Том се изненада појави.	Tom appeared suddenly.	изненада	0	0
Нисам војник.	I'm not a soldier.	војник	0	0
Он ми доноси новине.	He delivers newspapers.	новине	0	0
Том не мисли ни на ког сем на себе самог.	Tom thinks of nobody but himself.	самог	0	0
Bila je to topla letnja noć.	It was a warm summer night.	letnja	0	0
Iznenađen sam Tomovim odgovorom.	I'm surprised by Tom's response.	odgovorom	0	0
Том је платио кешом.	Tom is paid in cash.	платио	0	0
Ostavi knjigu na gornju policu.	Put the book on the top shelf.	gornju	0	0
Хвала ти пуно.Ти би такође требало да се осетиш слободним и затражиш помоћ у будућности.	Thank you very much. You should also feel free to ask me for help in the future.	будућности	0	0
Neću da pokušavam da predvidim budućnost.	I won't try to predict the future.	predvidim	0	0
Saosam bila prezauzeta.	I've just been too busy.	prezauzeta	0	0
Drugi naučnici pregovaraju o njegovoj teoriji o nestanku dinosaurusa.	Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.	nestanku	0	0
Ne traći vreme s tim.	Don't bother with that.	traći	0	0
Ako nalog već postoji, funkcionisaće sistem kojim možete da primate i šaljete email.	If there is already an account, there is a system by which you are able to send and receive email.	email	0	0
Tom je potrčao niz ulicu.	Tom ran down the street.	potrčao	0	0
Незгодна ситуација.	It's a tricky situation.	ситуација	0	0
Јао ми је жао Тома.	I really feel sorry for Tom.	јао	0	0
Можеш да носиш перику неко време, док ти не израсте коса.	You could wear a wig for a while while you grew your hair out.	носиш	0	0
Очекују да ће ускоро донети одлуку.	They're expected to make a decision soon.	одлуку	0	0
Водите свој живот!	Get a life!	водите	0	0
Једно јутра, када сам се пробудио, видео сам да су ми се све новцчанице из новчаника претвориле у две хиљаде јена.	One morning, when I woke up, I found that all the bills in my wallet had changed into two-thousand yen bills.	хиљаде	0	0
Је л' неко повређен?	Anyone hurt?	повређен	0	0
Prosledi dalje, Tome.	Move it along, Tom.	prosledi	0	0
Cilj nije da se utiče na trenutnu proizvodnju nafte, već da se zamrači energetska budućnost te zemlje.	The goal is not to affect current oil production, but to obscure that country's energy future.	energetska	0	0
On popravlja elektronske uređaje.	He repairs the electrical devices.	elektronske	0	0
Размисли.	Think.	размисли	0	0
Правим исту грешку читавог живота.	I had been making the same mistake all my life.	правим	0	0
Sišao sam sa busa.	I got off the bus.	busa	0	0
Tom je pozeleneo od zavisti.	Tom turned green with envy.	zavisti	0	0
Oni su kvintet limenih duvačkih instrumenata.	They're a brass quintet.	instrumenata	0	0
Упознала сам Тома у затвору.	I met Tom in jail.	упознала	0	0
Sviđa li ti se Vagner?	Do you like Wagner?	vagner	0	0
Mario i Luiđi su braća.	Mario and Luigi are brothers.	luiđi	0	0
Ћаос, клинац!	Hiya, kiddo!	клинац	0	0
Obnovljiva energija je od suštinskog značaja za ograničavanje povećanja globalne temperature.	Renewable energy is essential for limiting the increase of the global temperature.	globalne	0	0
Da li mi, ljudi, možemo da varimo travu i da izvlačimo hranjive sastojke iz nje?	Can we humans digest grass and obtain nourishment from it?	izvlačimo	0	0
Nadam se da ćemo i mi posetiti Peking.	Hopefully we too will go to Beijing.	peking	0	0
Bili smo ispunjeni radosnim iščekivanjem.	We were filled with joyful expectation.	ispunjeni	0	0
Пробаћу да објасним обе стране овог проблема.	I'll try to explain both sides of this issue.	објасним	0	0
Знам да имате тајну.	I know you have a secret.	тајну	0	0
Том, за разлику од неких од нас, је прилично добар у томе.	Tom, unlike some of us, is pretty good at doing that.	разлику	0	0
Kako je dospelo ovde?	How did it get here?	dospelo	0	0
Не пуцај!	Don't shoot!	пуцај	0	0
Познајем Тома откад је био дете.	I've known Tom since he was a child.	откад	0	0
Мислим да ћу наставити да спавам.	I think that I'll go back to sleep.	наставити	0	0
Ти ниси херој.	You aren't a hero.	херој	0	0
Сви погледаше Тома каод аје полудео.	Everybody looked at Tom as if he'd lost his mind.	полудео	0	0
Дрво гори лако.	Wood burns easily.	гори	0	0
Кажи ми причу од почетка до краја.	Tell me a story from beginning to end.	почетка	0	0
Preporučuje se da ne zapisujete svoje lozinke tamo gde ih drugi mogu videti.	It's recommended that you don't write your passwords down where others might see them.	lozinke	0	0
Очајнички сам покушавао да смирим Тома.	I desperately tried to calm Tom down.	покушавао	0	0
Ухватили смо Тома на делу.	We caught Tom red-handed.	делу	0	0
U ovom rečniku se napisane 1000 reči uz to da sve one moraju biti zapamćene do jula.	There are 1,000 English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.	rečniku	0	0
Нико не жели да преузме одговорност.	No one wants to take responsibility.	одговорност	0	0
Ставите руке на главу!	Put your hands on your head!	ставите	0	0
Свако се мења.	Everyone changes.	мења	0	0
Ne mogu da se setim melodije te pesme.	I can't remember the melody of that song.	melodije	0	0
Ресторан је преко пута хотела.	The restaurant is across from the hotel.	ресторан	0	0
Možda ti treba lopata.	You may need a shovel.	lopata	0	0
Где ми је вечера?	Where is my dinner?	вечера	0	0
Tomov francuski se dosta poboljšao.	Tom's French has gotten a lot better.	poboljšao	0	0
Том је ухватио птицу.	Tom captured a bird.	ухватио	0	0
Судија је лупио чекићем.	The judge banged his gavel.	судија	0	0
Плашим се да се могу повредити.	I'm afraid I might get hurt.	повредити	0	0
Добро говорити страни језик уопште није једноставно.	Speaking a foreign language well isn't so easy.	говорити	0	0
On marljivo uči.	He is studying hard.	marljivo	0	0
Цвеће је жуто.	The flowers are yellow.	цвеће	0	0
Zovem se Ićiro Tanaka.	My name is Ichiro Tanaka.	tanaka	0	0
Jesi li sarkastičan?	Are you being sarcastic?	sarkastičan	0	0
Ovo je bilo prefinjeno i oličeno u ličnosti tako čudnoj, krutoj i tvrdoglavoj da se malo ko usuđivao da blisko sarađuje sa njim.	This was refined and embodied in a personality so weird, rigid and stubborn that very few dared to closely work with him.	čudnoj	0	0
Њујорк је велики град.	New York is a big city.	њујорк	0	0
Članovi Unije će danas glasati da li da sprovedu industrijske mere.	Union members will vote today on whether to take industrial action.	industrijske	0	0
Том и ја живимо у истој области.	Tom and I live in the same area.	живимо	0	0
Боље ћути!	Save your breath.	ћути	0	0
Они копају рупу.	They're digging a hole.	рупу	0	0
Изађи напоље.	Go outside.	изађи	0	0
Prema ovome nije nerealno to da je visoki nivo obrazovanja koji su njegovi učenici imali, imalo odlučujući značaj na dobar rezultat koji su oni postigli kada se posmatra inverzija.	Thus, it is not unrealistic to claim that the high level of education of his students has been crucial in their learning how to use inversion so well.	odlučujući	0	0
Већ сам заборавила шта терба да радим.	I've already forgotten what I'm supposed to do.	заборавила	0	0
Знао сам да се Том може вратити сваког тренутка.	I knew Tom might return at any moment.	тренутка	0	0
Шта чини Тома другачијим од његових вршњака?	What makes Tom different from his peers?	његових	0	0
Moj otac je pokušao da nas nauči vrednostima posla.	My father tried to teach us the value of work.	vrednostima	0	0
Сачекајте напољу.	Wait outside.	сачекајте	0	0
Hoću li biti zamenjen?	Am I being replaced?	zamenjen	0	0
Nacrtaj skicu svoje kuće.	Make a sketch of your house.	skicu	0	0
Јеси ли сигуран да је овде безбедно?	Are you sure it's safe here?	безбедно	0	0
Хоће ли ико превести то?	Is anyone going to translate that?	ико	0	0
Ева је дала Адаму јабуку знања.	Eve gave Adam the apple of knowledge.	ева	0	0
Magdalena i Ania su dobre drugarice.	Magdalena and Ania are good friends.	magdalena	0	0
Dogodila se nova snežna lavina na putu u Ećeskaretu u Oda opštini u Hordalandu u utorak uveče i nije poznato da li je neko zarobljen u lavini.	There was another avalanche on the road to Ekkjeskaret in Odda municipality in Hordaland on Tuesday night. It is unknown whether anyone was caught in the avalanche.	lavina	0	0
Zlato je kralj nad kraljevima.	Gold is the king of kings.	kraljevima	0	0
Обојица имају троје деце.	Both of them have three kids.	троје	0	0
Krenuću ako me nateraš.	I'll go if you make me.	krenuću	0	0
Loše stvari će se dešavati.	Bad things will happen.	dešavati	0	0
Не бој се ничега.	Fear nothing.	ничега	0	0
Треба користити само уље најбољег квалитета и чист графит.	Only oil of the best quality and pure graphite should be used.	чист	0	0
Пада ли ти на памет шта још треба да урадимо?	Can you think of anything else we need to do?	памет	0	0
Razumećeš jednog dana.	One day you'll understand.	razumećeš	0	0
Једине особе овде које говоре француски су Том и Мери.	The only people here who can speak French are Tom and Mary.	особе	0	0
Имамо пет прстију на свакој руци.	We have five fingers on each hand.	руци	0	0
Ugojila si se.	You've gained weight.	ugojila	0	0
Hajde da ne budemo emotivni.	Let's not get emotional.	emotivni	0	0
Том и ја излазимо са истом девојком.	Tom and I are dating the same girl.	девојком	0	0
Публику је фасцинирао његов говор.	The audience were fascinated by his speech.	говор	0	0
Требало би да спаваш.	You should sleep.	спаваш	0	0
Волимо квалитет.	We like quality.	волимо	0	0
Уништи то.	Destroy it.	уништи	0	0
Ono što je Tom rekao se ne može primeniti na ovu situaciju.	What Tom said doesn't apply in this situation.	primeniti	0	0
Погледи су им се срели.	Their eyes met.	срели	0	0
Mislim da je ona iz Austrije.	I think she's from Austria.	austrije	0	0
Stoji na sceni ukočen kao kolac.	He stands stiff as a poker on the stage.	ukočen	0	0
Bolje vrabac u ruci nego golub na grani.	A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.	vrabac	0	0
Дадох празну кутију Тому.	I gave the empty box to Tom.	кутију	0	0
Том је пуштен из затвора рано јутрос.	Tom was released from jail early this morning.	затвора	0	0
Ишли смо пешке.	We walked.	ишли	0	0
Том се обрисао великим пешкиром.	Tom dried off with a large towel.	великим	0	0
Показао сам Тому своје цртеже.	I showed Tom the sketches I'd made.	показао	0	0
Чула сам да си ме тражила јуче.	I heard you were looking for me yesterday.	тражила	0	0
Оно што ме је највише импресионирало је било плаво небо.	What impressed me the most was the blue sky.	небо	0	0
Izbrojali smo godove na stablu koje smo oborili i otkrili da je staro trideset godina.	We counted the growth rings on the tree that we cut down and found out that it was thirty years old.	stablu	0	0
Nacrtaj skicu svoje kuće.	Make a sketch of your house.	nacrtaj	0	0
Ближе.	Move over.	ближе	0	0
Jedan student iz Osla koji je falsifikovao svoju diplomu da se upiše na fakultet je bio osuđen na zatvor.	A student from Oslo who falsified his diploma to get into college has been sentenced to prison.	upiše	0	0
Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	vinski	0	0
Да ли говорите енглески?	Do you speak English?	енглески	0	0
Спремни за борбу.	Get ready to fight.	борбу	0	0
Одлучили су да ступе у брак.	They decided to marry.	брак	0	0
Ако видите грешку, молим вас да је исправите.	If you see a mistake, then please correct it.	грешку	0	0
Redovna upotreba agruma će smanjiti pore i osvežiti kožu.	Regular use of citrus fruit will shrink pores and make the skin feel fresh.	redovna	0	0
Imaš maštovitu, umetničku i prilično romantičarsku ličnost.	You have an imaginative, artistic and pretty romantic personality.	umetničku	0	0
То је био добар потез.	That was a good move.	потез	0	0
On je likom pljunuti otac.	He resembles his father very much.	pljunuti	0	0
Sudija je lupio čekićem.	The judge banged his gavel.	lupio	0	0
Не смеш да даш Тому да иде сам.	You can't let Tom go alone.	даш	0	0
Почни кад ја издам наређење.	Begin at my command.	наређење	0	0
Vreme da se rastanemo.	It's time to say goodbye.	rastanemo	0	0
Том живи на врху брда.	Tom lives at the top of the hill.	врху	0	0
Ne izigravaj majmuna!	Don't play the ape!	izigravaj	0	0
Томова коса је густа.	Tom's hair is thick.	коса	0	0
Ne mogu da odobrim ovaj projekat. Ima puno nedostataka.	I can't approve the project. It leaves much to be desired.	odobrim	0	0
Bolje vrabac u ruci nego golub na grani.	A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.	grani	0	0
Мајуко је уснила чудан сан.	Mayuko had a strange dream.	чудан	0	0
Излазим са сестром дечка своје сестре.	I'm dating my sister's boyfriend's sister.	дечка	0	0
Јеси ли пријавио полицији?	Have you reported it to the police?	полицији	0	0
Старији људе се лако разболе.	Elderly people get sick easily.	старији	0	0
Шта се десило за Ноћ вештица?	What happened on Halloween?	вештица	0	0
Окрени се.	Turn around.	окрени	0	0
Džon je sedeo skrštenih ruku.	John sat with arms crossed.	skrštenih	0	0
Могао сам да ти кажем то да си ме питала.	I could've told you that if you'd asked me.	питала	0	0
Velika grupa ljudi se okupila.	A large crowd of people gathered.	okupila	0	0
Tom je mišićav i atletski građen.	Tom is muscular and athletic.	građen	0	0
Tom se potpisao na koricama svog novog dnevnika.	Tom wrote his name on the cover of his new diary.	koricama	0	0
Možeš li da nasmeješ Toma?	Can you make Tom laugh?	nasmeješ	0	0
Dirnuta sam.	I'm touched.	dirnuta	0	0
Koliko simfonija je napisao Betoven?	How many symphonies did Beethoven write?	betoven	0	0
Oni nikada ne mogu da to postignu drugačije nego silom.	They can never achieve that any other way than by force.	postignu	0	0
Antilope mogu lako da pobegnu lavovima.	Antelopes can easily outrun lions.	lavovima	0	0
Ја сам победио!	I won!	победио	0	0
Изабрао сам Тома за капитена тима.	We made Tom the team captain.	изабрао	0	0
Dogodila se nova snežna lavina na putu u Ećeskaretu u Oda opštini u Hordalandu u utorak uveče i nije poznato da li je neko zarobljen u lavini.	There was another avalanche on the road to Ekkjeskaret in Odda municipality in Hordaland on Tuesday night. It is unknown whether anyone was caught in the avalanche.	snežna	0	0
Ја сам један од вођа.	I'm one of the leaders.	вођа	0	0
Овај намештај припада мојој мајци.	This furniture belongs to my mother.	мајци	0	0
Где је Том набавио те кључеве?	Where did Tom get those keys?	кључеве	0	0
Zašto ste toliko paranoični?	Why are you so paranoid?	paranoični	0	0
Učim korejski.	I'm learning Korean.	korejski	0	0
Том је недавно објавио своју прву књигу.	Tom recently published his first book.	недавно	0	0
Razočarali ste me.	You disappointed me.	razočarali	0	0
Пријатан викенд, друштво.	Have a great week, everyone.	викенд	0	0
Ta reka izlgeda plitko, zar ne?	That river seems shallow, doesn't it?	plitko	0	0
Tom je upravo zaplakao.	Tom just started crying.	zaplakao	0	0
Том је гледао Мери и Џона како играју тенис.	Tom watched Mary and John playing tennis.	играју	0	0
Tom misli da nešto nije u redu sa nekim političarima.	Tom thinks there is something wrong with some politicians.	političarima	0	0
Razgovarali smo o raznim temama.	We discussed many topics.	temama	0	0
Треба да идем на станицу.	I need to go to the station.	станицу	0	0
У далеком универзуму у коме све што се замисли постане стварно, почетник је пробао да замисли четвородимензионални облик само да би замислио објекат са бесконачно много димензија који је узбуркао цело наше постојање и тиме оконачо универзум какав познајемо.	In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.	замисли	0	0
Убићу Тома.	I'll kill Tom.	убићу	0	0
Tom je jako obazriv.	Tom is very cautious.	obazriv	0	0
YouTube video materijali su vrlo besmisleni.	YouTube videos are very meaningless.	youtube	0	0
Večerala sam sa njim.	I had dinner with him.	večerala	0	0
Три пута сам покушала самоубиство.	I've attempted suicide three times.	покушала	0	0
Том и ја више не свирамо у истом бенду.	Tom and I no longer play in the same band.	истом	0	0
Koliko god malo znamo o njenom poreklu, bar možemo biti sigurni da je pilot Evangeliona.	Little as we know about her origins, we can at least be sure that she is a pilot of Evangelion.	poreklu	0	0
Престаните да прдите.	Stop farting.	престаните	0	0
Moja deca se oslanjaju na mene.	My children rely on me.	oslanjaju	0	0
Прошле недеље смо посекли сво дрвеће у дворишту.	Last week, we cut down all the trees in our backyard.	сво	0	0
Нисте хтели да се боре, али морали су.	They didn't want to fight, but they had to.	боре	0	0
Nadam se da će Tom upamtiti ovo.	I hope Tom remembers this.	upamtiti	0	0
Predvidela sam da će ovo da se desi pre više meseci.	I predicted this would happen months ago.	predvidela	0	0
Краљева кћерка – принцеза.	A king's daughter is a princess.	принцеза	0	0
У башти има свакакве врсте цвећа.	There are all kinds of flowers in that garden.	врсте	0	0
Nemiran sam.	I'm restless.	nemiran	0	0
Samo treba da vežbate.	It just takes practice.	vežbate	0	0
Nisam izbirljiv.	I'm not picky.	izbirljiv	0	0
Postoji malo sumnje da će rezanje u već ogoljenom sistemu imati dramatične posledice za industriju i opštine u ruralnim oblastima.	There is little doubt that the tightening of an already stripped system will have dramatic consequences for industry and municipalities in rural areas.	opštine	0	0
Том брзо расте.	Tom is growing up fast.	расте	0	0
Uštedeli smo mnogo vremena spuštajući se kroz Park Street.	We saved a lot of time by going down Park Street.	uštedeli	0	0
Dogodila se nova snežna lavina na putu u Ećeskaretu u Oda opštini u Hordalandu u utorak uveče i nije poznato da li je neko zarobljen u lavini.	There was another avalanche on the road to Ekkjeskaret in Odda municipality in Hordaland on Tuesday night. It is unknown whether anyone was caught in the avalanche.	opštini	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	odbijeno	0	0
Птица на крову је врана.	The bird on the roof is a crow.	птица	0	0
Обично носим одело.	I usually wear a suit.	одело	0	0
То је веома непријатан мирис.	That's a very unpleasant smell.	мирис	0	0
A pitao sam se zašto ljudi zure u mene.	I wondered why people were staring at me.	zure	0	0
Tom je stoički podnosio bol.	Tom bore the pain stoically.	podnosio	0	0
Marija je odlučila da ga otruje.	Mary has decided to poison him.	otruje	0	0
Била је на месту злочина.	She was at the scene of the crime.	злочина	0	0
Na budžetu sam, pa ne jedem napolju više od tri puta nedeljno.	I'm on a budget, so I don't eat out more than three times a week.	budžetu	0	0
Onda je naš rukovodilac došao na dobru ideju i napravili smo odličan plan.	Then our chairman came up with a good idea, which we have made into a great plan.	rukovodilac	0	0
Ovde je velika količina manjih grešaka i sitnog nerazumevanja koji iskrivljuju značenje originalne rečenice.	There are many minor mistakes and tiny misunderstandings here that distort the meaning of the original sentence.	sitnog	0	0
Не треба ми операција.	I don't need an operation.	операција	0	0
Ветар је јефтин и чист извор енергије.	Wind is a cheap and clean source of energy.	извор	0	0
Питам се зашто је толико људи поподне било у парку.	I wonder why so many people were in the park this afternoon.	поподне	0	0
Zahtevali su povećanje plate.	They demanded a salary increase.	zahtevali	0	0
Porasli ste.	You've grown.	porasli	0	0
Konja bih mogao da pojeden.	I could eat a horse.	pojeden	0	0
Osećam se kao da ću da se onesvestim.	I feel like I'm about to collapse.	onesvestim	0	0
Пружио сам вам много прилика да урадите то.	I've already given you a lot of chances to do that.	прилика	0	0
Знам председника те компаније по имену.	I know the president of that company by name.	председника	0	0
Došlo je do žestoke svađe.	It came to a heated exchange of words.	žestoke	0	0
Можеш да добијеш више информација о нама на нашем сајту.	You can get more information about us on our website.	информација	0	0
To zavisi od konteksta.	It depends on the context.	konteksta	0	0
"Poznaješ li miris smrti", upita Džon, nabivši mi pesnicu ispod nosa.	"Do you know the smell of death", asked John, shoving his fist under my nose.	upita	0	0
Izneverili ste me.	You let me down.	izneverili	0	0
Dajte hranu beskućnicima.	Give food to the homeless.	beskućnicima	0	0
Fraza "dva čoveka" će zameniti frazu "muškarac i žena" u predlogu izmene zakona ne bi li se legalizovao brak između osoba istog pola u Austrilaiji.	The phrase "two people" will replace "a man and a woman" in the proposed bill to legalise same-sex marriage in Australia.	predlogu	0	0
Samo su Tom i Meri bili spaseni.	Tom and Mary were the only ones who were saved.	spaseni	0	0
Мисија обављена.	Mission accomplished.	мисија	0	0
Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	prevodioca	0	0
Нема доказа.	There is no proof.	доказа	0	0
Да ли си бацио поглед?	Have you had a look at it?	бацио	0	0
Они дечаци тамо који причају француски су из мог одељења.	Those boys over there speaking in French are in my class.	причају	0	0
Човек се нада све док је жив.	Man hopes as long as he lives.	нада	0	0
Upravo sam video da je ambasador Saudi Arabije dao ostavku.	I've seen just now that the ambassador of Saudi Arabia has resigned.	arabije	0	0
Нема потребе да се плашиш Тома.	There's no need to be afraid of Tom.	плашиш	0	0
Maštala je da postane medicinska sestra.	She dreamed of becoming a nurse.	maštala	0	0
Том пролази кроз кризу средњих година.	Tom is going through a midlife crisis.	пролази	0	0
Непријатељ је заузео тврђаву.	The enemy occupied the fort.	непријатељ	0	0
Написао је књигу са двадесет година.	He wrote this book at the age of twenty.	двадесет	0	0
Video sam recept na kuhinjskom stolu.	I saw the receipt on the kitchen table.	kuhinjskom	0	0
Vatrogasna vozila imaju prednost u odnosu na ostala vozila.	Fire engines have priority over other vehicles.	vatrogasna	0	0
Nas troje je jelo viršle sa krompir salatom.	The three of us ate hot dogs and potato salad.	salatom	0	0
Како си стигла до школе?	How did you get to school?	стигла	0	0
Loše stvari će se događati.	Bad things will happen.	događati	0	0
On je bez premca.	He is second to none.	premca	0	0
Treba da zahvale Tomu.	They should thank Tom.	zahvale	0	0
Сишао сам на погрешној станици.	I got off at the wrong station.	станици	0	0
Где ти је пријатељица?	Where's your friend?	пријатељица	0	0
Moramo da se usredsredimo na naše vrline.	We need to focus on our strengths.	usredsredimo	0	0
Одавед до железничке станице вам пешке треба пола сата.	From here to the railway station takes half an hour on foot.	станице	0	0
Буди миран.	Keep calm.	миран	0	0
Да ли да почнемо?	Shall we begin?	почнемо	0	0
U pitanju je zvaničan posao.	It's official business.	zvaničan	0	0
Том промени термин.	Tom rescheduled.	промени	0	0
Италија је веома лепа држава.	Italy is a very beautiful country.	држава	0	0
Ne mogu da prestanem da mislim o ukradenom novcu.	I cannot stop thinking of the stolen money.	ukradenom	0	0
Једноставност је највиши ниво префињености.	Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.	ниво	0	0
Остала сам кући током целог викенда.	I stayed home all weekend.	целог	0	0
Требао си мислити на то раније.	You should have thought of that before.	мислити	0	0
Raznolikost je začin života.	Variety is the spice of life.	raznolikost	0	0
Zaposleni mogu biti motivisani dobrim, pravednim platama, šansom da rade u dobrom timu ili na uzbudljivim zadacima, i sa jasnim ekonomskim podsticajima kao što su bonusi i šanse za napredovanje.	Employees can be motivated with good, fair wages, the chance to work in a good team or on exciting tasks, and with clear economic incentives such as performance pay or opportunity for promotion.	zadacima	0	0
Том не може да стигне.	Tom can't make it.	стигне	0	0
Nastavite da kopate.	Continue digging.	kopate	0	0
Дај ми хиљаду пољубаца.	Give me a thousand kisses.	хиљаду	0	0
Том није мислио да ће се жив извући из зграде у пламену.	Tom didn't think that he'd make it out of the burning building alive.	зграде	0	0
Носио је наочаре.	He wore glasses.	носио	0	0
Tom se pokidao od smeha.	Tom cracked up laughing.	pokidao	0	0
Том носи шљампаве панталоне.	Tom is wearing baggy trousers.	панталоне	0	0
Исус је плакао.	Jesus wept.	исус	0	0
Tom je napisao popriličan broj ljubavnih pisama Meri.	Tom has written quite a few love letters to Mary.	ljubavnih	0	0
Nakon dugog razmatranja, na kraju sam nasumice pravio stvari.	After long reflection, I decided to take things as they come.	razmatranja	0	0
Kako može biti da je matematika, koja je ipak samo proizvod ljudske misli nezavisne od iskustva, tako zadivljujuće prilagođena objektima u stvarnosti?	How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought independent of experience, is so admirably adapted to the objects of reality?	nezavisne	0	0
Имам гомилу пријатеља.	I have tons of friends.	гомилу	0	0
Zabranjeno voće je uvek najslađe!	Forbidden fruit is always the sweetest.	najslađe	0	0
Ako se period iznajmljivanja produži izvan ugovorenog perioda, obračunaće se proporcionalni dodatak kirije.	If the rental period is extended beyond the agreed period, a prorated rent shall be calculated.	kirije	0	0
Сами је био Лејлин плесни партнер.	Sami was Layla's dance partner.	партнер	0	0
Pušenje može biti štetno po zdravlje.	Smoking is bad for your health.	štetno	0	0
Da bi se obezbedila efikasna zaštita motora i podmazivanje pod svim uslovima rada, koristite samo najbolje motorno ulje.	To ensure effective engine protection and lubrication under all service conditions, only use the best motor oil.	efikasna	0	0
Промена ће бити трајна.	The change will be permanent.	промена	0	0
Постала сам баш слаба.	I grew very weak.	постала	0	0
Нисам прочитао остало.	I didn't read the rest.	прочитао	0	0
Potcenio si me.	You underestimated me.	potcenio	0	0
Ekser je probušio gumu.	A nail punctured the tire.	probušio	0	0
Roditelji ne bi trebali da dozvole deci da budu surovi prema životinjama.	Parents shouldn't let children be cruel to animals.	surovi	0	0
Tom je dopustio da mu izmakne ova zlatna prilika.	Tom let this golden opportunity go by.	izmakne	0	0
Том је покушавао да сазна ко му је убио жену.	Tom has been trying to find out who killed his wife.	сазна	0	0
Да ли Том има више од једној компјутера?	Does Tom have more than one computer?	једној	0	0
На систему је завршена поправка после три године волонтерског рада.	After three years of work by volunteers, the system has been fully repaired.	рада	0	0
Судећи по небу, ја бих рекао да ће ускоро падати киша.	Judging from the sky, I'd say it's going to start raining soon.	киша	0	0
Питам се јесмо ли заборавили да кажемо Тому да мора да уради то.	I wonder if we forgot to tell Tom he needed to do that.	кажемо	0	0
To je nešto što mi se oduvek dopadalo.	It's something I've always liked.	dopadalo	0	0
Немој да покушаваш да сазнаш колико брзо можеш да идеш.	Don't try to find out how fast you can go.	покушаваш	0	0
Ubrzao je.	He accelerated.	ubrzao	0	0
Том је погледао у звезде.	Tom gazed at the stars.	звезде	0	0
Nag sam.	I'm naked.	nag	0	0
Да ли је Том направио неке планове досад?	Does Tom have any plans yet?	планове	0	0
Tom je žestoko prebijen.	Tom was severely beaten.	prebijen	0	0
Постоји могућност да ће састанак бити отказан.	There's a possibility the meeting will be canceled.	могућност	0	0
Може ли ишта бити романтичније?	Could anything be more romantic?	ишта	0	0
Jesi li se naspavao?	Did you get any sleep?	naspavao	0	0
Podrazumeva se da je među njima postajalo jedno prijateljstvo koje je prevazilazilo odnos gospodara i apostola u to vreme.	It goes without saying that at that time a kind of friendship beyond master and disciple grew between the two of them.	postajalo	0	0
Tom i Marija igraju šah sa skupom ručno izrezbarenih šahovskih figura navodno od slonovače.	Tom and Mary are playing chess with a set of hand-carved chess pieces supposedly made of ivory.	slonovače	0	0
Adrenalinske žlezde luče adrenalin.	The adrenal glands secrete adrenalin.	žlezde	0	0
Отворите пажљиво.	Open carefully.	отворите	0	0
Том има модрице по целом телу.	Tom has bruises all over his body.	целом	0	0
Ovo samo po sebi nije nešto novo za mene, ali je taj par želeo da živi u udobnom domu, što je zahtevalo sveobuhvatno renoviranje.	This is in itself not new for me, but the couple wanted to live in a comfortable home, which called for an extensive renovation.	zahtevalo	0	0
Мотор се поново покренуо.	The engine started again.	мотор	0	0
Пођи са овим људима.	Go with these men.	пођи	0	0
Освета може да буде слатка.	Revenge can be sweet.	слатка	0	0
Tom je nazvao svog hrčka Kuki.	Tom named his hamster Cookie.	hrčka	0	0
Том је из малог града на око триста миља одавде.	Tom is from small town about three hundred miles from here.	миља	0	0
Дај му прст и узеће ти целу руку.	Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.	прст	0	0
Ova učionica je očišćenja.	This classroom is cleaned.	učionica	0	0
Ухватили смо Тома на делу.	We caught Tom red-handed.	ухватили	0	0
Hamlet verovatno nije želeo da se venča. Postojao je samo jedan Hamlet; ipak, ima mnogo ljudi kao što je on.	Hamlet probably didn't want to get married. There was only one Hamlet, however there are many people like him.	venča	0	0
Требало је да се сетим тога.	I should've thought of it.	сетим	0	0
Tomovo samopouzdanje je razbijeno kada ga je šef skinuo pred njegovim kolegama.	Tom's self-confidence was shattered after his boss dressed him down in front of his workmates.	razbijeno	0	0
Svet je bio nasamom rubu nuklearnog rata tokom Kubanske raketne krize oktobra 1962.	The world was on the very brink of nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962.	kubanske	0	0
Благо теби.	Good for you.	благо	0	0
Пуно сам пропустио.	I missed a lot.	пропустио	0	0
Молим те, устани.	Please stand.	устани	0	0
Kako da upravljamo drugima kada ne možemo da upravljamo sobom?	How could we govern others when we cannot govern ourselves?	upravljamo	0	0
Pevaću.	I'll sing.	pevaću	0	0
Tom radi kao kelner, ali traži bolji posao.	Tom is working as a waiter, but he's looking for a better job.	kelner	0	0
Štedim da kupim novi saksofon.	I've been saving up to buy a new saxophone.	saksofon	0	0
Кишобрани се добро продају.	Umbrellas sell well.	продају	0	0
Он мајсторски игра улогу Магбета.	He plays the role of Macbeth with great skill.	улогу	0	0
Скоро смо одлучили да се венчамо.	We recently decided to get married.	одлучили	0	0
Firenca je najlepši grad u Italiji.	Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.	firenca	0	0
Компромис има смисла сама када сви то чине из најбоље намере.	Compromise only makes sense when all parties are acting in good faith.	чине	0	0
Ja sam ateista.	I'm an atheist.	ateista	0	0
Спустила сам мач.	I lowered my sword.	мач	0	0
Зар не би требало да га дамо Тому?	Shouldn't we give it to Tom?	дамо	0	0
Причај о времену, храни на журци или свом омиљеном пићу.	Talk about the weather, the food at the party or your favorite drink.	времену	0	0
Мисли ли Том да може да победи?	Does Tom think that he can win?	победи	0	0
Сви осим Тома носе капу.	Everyone but Tom has a hat on.	носе	0	0
Ми нисмо убице.	We're not the murderers.	убице	0	0
Ne raspravljaj se sa mnom!	Don't argue with me.	raspravljaj	0	0
Зашто вам је жао због нечега што нисте урадили?	Why are you sorry for something you haven't done?	нечега	0	0
Паметан читач би требало да је спреман, све што прочита да одмери, укључујући и анонимне изворе.	An astute reader should be willing to weigh everything they read, including anonymous sources.	укључујући	0	0
Samo traćite vreme.	You're just wasting our time.	traćite	0	0
Опасност, опасност!	Danger, danger!	опасност	0	0
Алал вера!	Bravo!	вера	0	0
Meri je planer za venčanja.	Mary is a wedding planner.	planer	0	0
Da li doručkuješ kod kuće?	Do you eat breakfast at home?	doručkuješ	0	0
Како одвратно!	How disgusting!	одвратно	0	0
Буди јака.	Be strong.	јака	0	0
Taj elegantni pozlaćeni lančić sa srcima je ogrlica koja će "uzdrmati tvoj svet".	That elegant gold plated chain with hearts is a necklace that will "rock your world".	lančić	0	0
Merin entuzijazam za kurs je opao kada se njen omiljeni predavač odselio.	Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.	predavač	0	0
Циљај високо.	Aim high.	високо	0	0
Gde su viljuške?	Where are the forks?	viljuške	0	0
Meri zna sve o najnovijim modnim trendovima.	Mary knows everything about the latest fashion trends.	najnovijim	0	0
Želim da se zagrejem.	I want to warm myself.	zagrejem	0	0
Великом или малом?	Large or small?	великом	0	0
Ručala sam sa njom.	I had lunch with her.	ručala	0	0
Увек гасим светло кад изађем из собе.	I always turn off the light when I leave a room.	изађем	0	0
Знаш ли некога ко може да нам среди то?	Do you know anybody who can do that for us?	среди	0	0
Једе ми се у ресторану у којем смо јели прошле недеље.	I want to eat at that restaurant we ate at last week.	којем	0	0
Имам много могућности.	I have a lot of options.	могућности	0	0
Далеко си догурао за кратко време.	You've come a long way in a short time.	кратко	0	0
Помогли смо Тому да пронађе посао.	We helped Tom find a job.	пронађе	0	0
Да ли си направила списак ствари које желиш да купиш?	Did you make a list of the things that you want to buy?	направила	0	0
Добро дошли, народе.	Welcome, everybody.	народе	0	0
Том се крије испод стола.	Tom is hiding under the table.	крије	0	0
Његова несрећа мене је много чему научила.	His failure taught me a good lesson.	несрећа	0	0
Том је хтео мало кафе.	Tom wanted some coffee.	кафе	0	0
Почело је.	It's started.	почело	0	0
Да ли си направила списак ствари које желиш да купиш?	Did you make a list of the things that you want to buy?	списак	0	0
Нисам хтела да те оставим овде.	I didn't want to leave you there.	оставим	0	0
Trebalo bi da vežeš psa lancem da ne bi ugrizao nekog.	You should chain the dog up, so he won't bite anyone.	lancem	0	0
Мораћете да одете тамо наредни пут.	You'll have to go there next time.	одете	0	0
Тако се прави важан.	He is such a show off.	важан	0	0
Том је погледао напоље да види шта се дешава.	Tom looked outside to see what was going on.	погледао	0	0
Том је недавно објавио своју прву књигу.	Tom recently published his first book.	прву	0	0
Hajde da pojedemo sladoled sada, pre nego što se otopi.	Let's eat the ice cream now before it melts.	otopi	0	0
Počeo je da urla.	He began to shout.	urla	0	0
Treba mi to ulje koje pomaže pri osipu i za suvu kožu.	I need the oil that helps with rashes and dry skin.	suvu	0	0
Играо сам фудбал.	I played football.	играо	0	0
Знам да ћу направити грешке.	I know that I'll make mistakes.	грешке	0	0
Evropljani su stekli prednost nad drugim civilizacijama pre 500 godina.	Europeans gained an advantage over all other civilizations 500 years ago.	evropljani	0	0
Нико није могао да уђе.	Nobody could get in.	уђе	0	0
Посаветовао сам Тома да сместа оде.	I advised Tom to leave at once.	сместа	0	0
Stavio je plavu fasciklu na sto.	He put the blue folder down on the table.	fasciklu	0	0
Досадно ми је на часовима.	I get bored in class.	досадно	0	0
Komentari moraju da budu u vezi sa temom.	Comments must be relevant to the topic.	temom	0	0
YouTube video materijali su vrlo besmisleni.	YouTube videos are very meaningless.	materijali	0	0
Никад нисам пуцао из пиштоља.	I've never fired a gun.	пуцао	0	0
Hvala na informaciji.	Thank you for the information.	informaciji	0	0
Том не разуме ништа.	Tom doesn't understand anything.	разуме	0	0
Том је отишао у супермаркет да купи сладолед и торту за журку.	Tom went to the supermarket to buy ice cream and cake for the party.	купи	0	0
Zapanjena sam.	I'm astonished.	zapanjena	0	0
Neraspoložena je.	She is in a bad mood.	neraspoložena	0	0
Имам мачку и пса. Мачка је црна, а пас бео.	I have a cat and a dog. The cat's black and the dog's white.	црна	0	0
Devojke su nosile suknje od trave i imale su cveće oko vrata.	The girls wore grass skirts and had flowers around their necks.	nosile	0	0
Лепота лежи у очима посматрача.	Beauty lies in the eyes of the one who sees.	лежи	0	0
Pre nego što ova odluka stupi na snagu, niko neće ni prstom da mrdne da ovo reši.	Before this decision takes effect, nobody will lift a finger in order to solve this.	mrdne	0	0
To bi trebalo da nam uštedi nešto para.	That should save us some money.	uštedi	0	0
Нисам очћекивала да ће том причати са мном.	I didn't expect Tom to talk to me.	причати	0	0
Није ми пријатно кад помислим на посету цркви.	The idea of visiting a church makes me uncomfortable.	пријатно	0	0
То је свима познато, али није популарно.	It's well known but not popular.	познато	0	0
Marija je pročitala celo uputstvo za rad od 321 strane u dahu.	Maria read the entire operation manual of 321 pages without stopping.	dahu	0	0
Људи воле слободу.	People love freedom.	слободу	0	0
Gadno smo se posvađale.	We had a terrible fight.	posvađale	0	0
Хајде да обиђемо круг око парка.	Let's go for a spin around the park.	круг	0	0
Не желе да се промене.	They don't want to change.	промене	0	0
Волим да се возим аутобусима.	I like riding buses.	возим	0	0
Požar je zahvatio prvi sprat.	The fire was on the first floor.	zahvatio	0	0
Да ли Том пије у последње време?	Has Tom been drinking?	пије	0	0
Ruže cvetaju na proleće.	The roses bloom in spring.	cvetaju	0	0
Хаковали су ми налог.	My account got hacked.	налог	0	0
Овде нема ни живе душе.	Not a soul is here.	душе	0	0
Чуј...	Listen...	чуј	0	0
Afrika je kolevka čovečanstva.	Africa is the cradle of humanity.	kolevka	0	0
Била је свесна погледа својих родитеља.	She was aware of her parents' eyes.	родитеља	0	0
Том се осетио потребним.	Tom felt needed.	осетио	0	0
Tom je govorio čvrstim glasom.	Tom spoke in a firm voice.	čvrstim	0	0
Гвожђе је чврсто.	Iron is hard.	чврсто	0	0
Управо сам се овоме надао.	This is just what I was hoping for.	надао	0	0
Том зна одакле ветар дува.	Tom knows where the wind blows from.	ветар	0	0
Stižete li uskoro?	Are you almost here?	stižete	0	0
Изненадио бих се кад би успела то.	I'd be surprised if you could do that.	успела	0	0
У почетку сам био нервозан, али сам се постепено опустио.	I was nervous at first, but gradually got more relaxed.	нервозан	0	0
Три прозора су отворена.	Three of the windows are open.	отворена	0	0
Koja je najduža reka na svetu?	What's the longest river in the world?	najduža	0	0
Хајдемо негде где ти и ја можемо да попричамо.	Let's go somewhere where the two of us can talk.	попричамо	0	0
Tom nije trebalo da zapiše svoju šifru na unutrašnjim koricama sveske.	Tom shouldn't have written his password on the inside cover of his notebook.	sveske	0	0
Platon je prijatelj, ali istina je veći prijatelj.	Plato is a friend, but the truth is a greater friend.	platon	0	0
Zabavljajte se dok možete.	Have fun while you can.	zabavljajte	0	0
Tom je bio pomalo ošamućen.	Tom was a bit woozy.	ošamućen	0	0
Дошао си баш у правом тренутку.	You came at just the right moment.	правом	0	0
Убрзо сам научио да је Том веома опасан.	I soon learned Tom was very dangerous.	опасан	0	0
U skladu sa našim pravilima, svi učesnici moraju da pri inspekciji pokažu legitimaciju, registracione papire i licencu.	According to our rules, all participants must present a photo ID, registration papers and valid license for inspection.	legitimaciju	0	0
Bez alata nema zanata.	You can't make bricks without straw.	zanata	0	0
Нико не ради. Сви гледају Светско првенство.	No one is working. Everyone's watching the World Cup.	гледају	0	0
Tom je želeo da dâ veoma poseban poklon svojoj devojci.	Tom wanted to give a very special present to his girlfriend.	dâ	0	0
Можеш да узмеш мој бицикл на пар дана.	You can borrow my bicycle for a few days.	узмеш	0	0
Том наставља да то ради.	Tom keeps doing that.	наставља	0	0
Kanada je zemlja-majka hokeja na ledu.	Canada is the motherland of ice hockey.	hokeja	0	0
У овој фази светске историје, у Америци не постоји једна таква ствар као што је независна штампа. Ви то знате и ја то знам. Међу вама нема ни једног који се усуђује да напише своје искрено мишљење, и кад би га написао, већ унапред би знао да се то никада неће појавити у штампи. Ја сам добијао редовно своју плату како бих држао своје искрено мишљење изван новина за које радим. Многи од вас су такође слично плаћени за сличне ствари, и било ко од вас ко би био толико луд да пише оно што искрено мисли, нашао би се напољу, на улици, у потрази за неким другим послом. Да сам ја дозволио да се моје право мишљење појави само у једном издању новина за које радим, добио бих отказ с посла за мање од 24 часа. (...)	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	појави	0	0
Све ми је теже да се концентришем.	It's getting harder for me to concentrate.	теже	0	0
Tom je knjiški moljac.	Tom is a bookworm.	moljac	0	0
Hajde da pričekamo.	Let's wait a while.	pričekamo	0	0
Jesi li ikada okačio video na Jutjub?	Have you ever uploaded a video to YouTube?	okačio	0	0
Том прилично добро разуме француски.	Tom understands French quite well.	француски	0	0
На основу података које сам вам изнео, са којом причом би сте изашли?	Based on the information that I've given you, what story would you come up with?	основу	0	0
Ватра може да се шири брже него што људи могу да трче.	A fire can spread faster than people can run.	ватра	0	0
Не мислим да су Том и Џон браћа.	I don't think Tom and John are brothers.	браћа	0	0
Имаш ли представу какав је мој живот?	Do you have any idea what my life is like?	представу	0	0
Живео сам у центру Бостона три године.	I lived in downtown Boston for three years.	центру	0	0
У почетку ми је било тешко да се прилагодим новом окружењу.	Initially I found it difficult to deal with my new environment.	новом	0	0
Tom je pojačao grejanje.	Tom turned up the heat.	pojačao	0	0
Nisam hteo da te uvlačim.	I didn't want to bring you in.	uvlačim	0	0
Зашто си то рекао, побогу?	Why on earth do you say that?	побогу	0	0
Не заборавите на интерпункцију и велика слова.	Please do not forget punctuation and capital letters.	заборавите	0	0
Капирам.	I get it.	капирам	0	0
Они ни не покушавају да разумеју.	They're not even trying to understand.	покушавају	0	0
Не бих рекао да је то у потпуности тачно.	I wouldn't say that that's absolutely correct.	потпуности	0	0
Nema besplatnog ručka.	There's no free lunch.	besplatnog	0	0
Ona se zove Lucifera.	Her name is Lucifera.	lucifera	0	0
Надам се да се ниси повредио.	I hope that you didn't get hurt.	повредио	0	0
У Јапану, кувари морају да положе посебан испит пре него што им дозволе да спремају надувачу.	In Japan, chefs must take a special exam to be allowed to prepare pufferfish.	посебан	0	0
Фантастично!	Fantastic!	фантастично	0	0
Ne možeš da ovde raspravljaš o politici.	You can't talk about politics here.	raspravljaš	0	0
Верујте ми.	Trust me.	верујте	0	0
Том је изгледао паметно.	Tom seemed smart.	паметно	0	0
Tom je počeo da stenje od bolova.	Tom started moaning in pain.	stenje	0	0
У питању је тропска болест.	It's a tropical disease.	болест	0	0
Купатило је на спрату.	The bathroom is upstairs.	купатило	0	0
"Учите из својих грешака" и "Искуство је најбољи учитељ", кажу, али на дуге стазе чак и најбољи учитељ се наљути, ако он или она имају превише да предају за премало времена.	"Learn from your mistakes" and "Experience is the best teacher" they say, but in the long run even the best teacher gets mad, if he or she has too much to teach in too little time.	искуство	0	0
Uteši Toma.	Comfort Tom.	uteši	0	0
Да ли си икад превео филм?	Have you ever subtitled a movie?	превео	0	0
Tom je želeo da uzme Merin broj telefona, ali ona je odbila da mu ga da.	Tom wanted Mary's phone number, but she refused to give it to him.	merin	0	0
Prihodi su mi se smanjili za deset procenata.	My income has decreased ten percent.	prihodi	0	0
Odakle će oni, dođavola, dobiti dodatne mornare?	Where the hell are they going to find extra sailors from?	mornare	0	0
Шта имаш на уму?	What's on your mind?	уму	0	0
Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	odjek	0	0
Девојчицама није дозвољено да прде.	Girls are not allowed to fart.	дозвољено	0	0
Да ли је беспосличарење кривично дело?	Is loitering a crime?	дело	0	0
Ole, najstarija jegulja na svetu, je upravo uginula. Imao je približno 150 godina.	Åle, the world's oldest eel, just died. He was approximately 150 years old.	jegulja	0	0
Линија која дели та два је јасна и једноставна.	The dividing line between the two is clear and simple.	линија	0	0
Мислим да ћу да касним.	I think I'll be late.	касним	0	0
Нисмо успели да завршимо све што је требало одрадити.	We couldn't get everything done that needed to be done.	завршимо	0	0
Naga sam.	I'm naked.	naga	0	0
Настави да слушаш.	Keep listening.	слушаш	0	0
Привремена поправка обично захтева доста времена, и не треба јој прибегавати, осим у случају да није могуће урадити ништа друго.	A temporary repair usually takes considerable time, and should never be attempted unless there is nothing else to be done.	захтева	0	0
Nemojte da gurate.	Don't push.	gurate	0	0
Tor Hejerdal je sa svojim hrabrim idejama i spektakularnim ekspedicijama stekao svetsku slavu.	Thor Heyerdahl gained world fame with his bold ideas and spectacular expeditions.	hrabrim	0	0
Tom je ohrabrivao Meri da piše o svojim iskustvima.	Tom encouraged Mary to write about her experiences.	iskustvima	0	0
Možeš li da navučeš zavese?	Can you close the drapes?	navučeš	0	0
Više volim šator sa olujnim pokrivačem, zajedno sa ukrštenim šipkama zbog stabilnosti na vetru i snežnih nanosa, i ovo mora da bude dvoslojni šator.	I prefer a tent with storm flaps and intersecting tent poles to provide stability against wind and resistance against the weight of snow, and it must be a two-layer tent.	stabilnosti	0	0
Nemojte da preterujete.	Don't exaggerate.	preterujete	0	0
Sačuvaću ti mesto u prvom redu.	I'll save you a seat in the front row.	sačuvaću	0	0
Setite se imena fajla pre nego što pokušate da izvršite povratak obrisanih fajlova.	Recall the filename before you try to perform file recovery.	fajlova	0	0
Sproveo sam analizu koja je pokazala da bi bilo potrebno mnogo više novca nego što su ranije očekivali.	I carried out an analysis that showed that much more money would be needed than they had previously anticipated.	sproveo	0	0
Остани позади.	Keep back.	позади	0	0
Том није изгледао разочарано колико Мери.	Tom didn't seem to be as disappointed as Mary seemed to be.	изгледао	0	0
Верујем да ћу победити.	I believe I'll win.	победити	0	0
Napravila je pravilan izbor.	She made the right choice.	pravilan	0	0
Možete da formatirate i podešavate tabelu za unakrsne proračune, ubacite i koristite obične tabele, dijagrame, formule i funkcije.	You can format and customize a worksheet, and insert and use tables, charts, formulas and functions.	proračune	0	0
Не могу да поднесем овај смрад.	I can't stand this smell.	поднесем	0	0
Позовите Тома.	Call Tom.	позовите	0	0
Da li su zrele ove banane?	Are these bananas ripe?	zrele	0	0
Uštedeće vreme ako izbegavamo Park Street.	It'll save time if we avoid Park Street.	izbegavamo	0	0
Solidno čitam kineski, ali ne umem lepo da ga pišem.	I can read Chinese fairly well, but I can't write it very well.	solidno	0	0
Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	vakuum	0	0
Не можеш побећи од прошлости.	You can't run from the past.	побећи	0	0
Danas je 18. Juni i Mjurijelov je rođendan.	Today is June 18th and it is Muiriel's birthday!	juni	0	0
Увек пдседамо у овом хотелу.	We always stay in this hotel.	хотелу	0	0
Mala Marija voli da crta crteže drvenim bojicama.	Little Maria likes to draw pictures with crayons.	drvenim	0	0
Dovlači guzicu ovamo!	Get your ass over here!	dovlači	0	0
Bila je veoma zahtevna devojka.	She was a very demanding girlfriend.	zahtevna	0	0
Ово лето је ужасно вруће.	This summer is awfully hot.	лето	0	0
Jednostavnost je krajnja prefinjenost.	Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.	jednostavnost	0	0
И даље је била слаба после болести.	She was still weak after her illness.	болести	0	0
Iznervirala sam ga.	I pissed him off.	iznervirala	0	0
Поврће из те радње није изгледало нарочито свеже.	The vegetables at that store didn't look very fresh.	нарочито	0	0
Ја не пијем рум.	I don't drink rum.	пијем	0	0
Nikad ranije nisam spazio to.	I've never noticed that before.	spazio	0	0
Tom će najverovatnije da zakasni.	Tom is more than likely to be late.	zakasni	0	0
Drugi naučnici pregovaraju o njegovoj teoriji o nestanku dinosaurusa.	Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.	pregovaraju	0	0
Престаните да причате то!	Stop saying that!	причате	0	0
Не можемо да га позовемо као сведока.	We can't call him as a witness.	сведока	0	0
Možete li da me odvezete do aerodroma sutra ujutru?	Can you drive me to the airport tomorrow morning?	odvezete	0	0
Crn dim je izlazio iz dimnjaka.	Black smoke came out of the chimney.	dimnjaka	0	0
Norveška je moja nova domovina.	Norway is my new homeland.	norveška	0	0
Том ми је рекао да си ти крива.	Tom told me you were to blame.	крива	0	0
Том има модрице по читавом телу.	Tom has bruises all over his body.	телу	0	0
Том је опрезно пришао вратима.	Tom cautiously approached the door.	вратима	0	0
Покушавам да схватим шта је отворено а шта није.	I'm trying to figure out what's open and what isn't.	схватим	0	0
Podaci u gornjim tabelama nisu kompletni.	The data in tables above are not comprehensive.	kompletni	0	0
Ignorišite to.	Ignore that.	ignorišite	0	0
Napravite listu svega ukradenog.	Make a list of everything that was stolen.	ukradenog	0	0
Узећу шта Том узима.	I'll have what Tom is having.	узима	0	0
Том је отишао у Бостон да живи са оцем.	Tom has gone to Boston to live with his father.	оцем	0	0
Danas je burno.	Today is hectic.	burno	0	0
Prekoračio sam limit na svim kreditnim karticama.	All my credit cards are maxed out.	kreditnim	0	0
Видео сам како Тома удара ауто.	I saw Tom get hit by a car.	удара	0	0
Хитлер је био један од најпознатијих диктатора.	Hitler was one of the most infamous dictators.	хитлер	0	0
Трудим се да не протраћим ништа.	I try not to waste anything.	трудим	0	0
Хмм.	Hmm.	хмм	0	0
Proizvođači oružija treba da doniraju svoj novac organizacijama koje mogu da pomognu zemljama u ratu.	Manufacturers of weapons should contribute to a fund, from which help organisations can extract for their activities in countries where is war.	proizvođači	0	0
Да ли сте срећни у браку=	Are you happily married?	браку	0	0
Узећу шта Том узима.	I'll have what Tom is having.	узећу	0	0
Сви би волели да верују да се снови остварују.	Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true.	волели	0	0
Шта ћу морати да учиним?	What will I have to do?	учиним	0	0
A čudiš se zašto ne možemo da podnesemo tvoje društvo?	And you wonder why we can't stand being around you anymore?	podnesemo	0	0
Ти знаш шта је решење, зар не?	You know what the situation is, don't you?	решење	0	0
Možemo da iskoristimo resurse ovog ogromnog regiona tako što raspodelimo zadatke između sebe.	We can utilize the resources of this vast region by distributing tasks among ourselves.	regiona	0	0
Posle letnjeg raspusta, deca moraju da se vrate u školu.	After the summer holidays, the children have to go back to school.	letnjeg	0	0
Мислим да је то трик.	I think it's a trick.	трик	0	0
Мој холестерол је висок.	My cholesterol is high.	висок	0	0
То не би требало да представља икакав проблем.	That shouldn't be any problem.	представља	0	0
Није важно ко покупи заслуге. Битно је да смо успели.	It doesn't matter who gets the credit. The important thing is that we succeeded.	покупи	0	0
Doručak se servira između 7 i 9.	Breakfast is served between 7 and 9.	servira	0	0
Ветар је јефтин и чист извор енергије.	Wind is a cheap and clean source of energy.	енергије	0	0
Некоме дугујем нешто.	I owe somebody something.	некоме	0	0
Сумњам да ће се то догодити.	I doubt if that would happen.	догодити	0	0
Да ли може да се стигне тамо пре него што падне мрак?	Will it be possible to get there before dark?	падне	0	0
Nemirna sam.	I'm restless.	nemirna	0	0
Tom je odložio svoje piće.	Tom set his drink down.	odložio	0	0
Да ли ускоро долазиш кући?	Are you coming home soon?	долазиш	0	0
Rukovali su se.	They shook hands.	rukovali	0	0
Zaustavićemo to.	We'll put a stop to it.	zaustavićemo	0	0
Njen dečko nije pružao podršku.	Her boyfriend was not supportive.	pružao	0	0
Пингвини су птице, не рибе.	Penguins are birds, not fish.	рибе	0	0
Он је мој друг.	He's my friend.	друг	0	0
Том је рођен у Бостону и одрастао је тамо.	Tom was born in Boston and he grew up there.	одрастао	0	0
Strahovito!	Terrific!	strahovito	0	0
Bio sam jedini muškarac u turističkoj grupi. Ostatak su činile arapkinje koje žive u Istanbulu.	I was the only man in the tour group. The others were 7 Arab women who live in Istanbul.	istanbulu	0	0
Он ми доноси новине.	He delivers newspapers.	доноси	0	0
Никад нисам ишла да се купам гола.	I've never gone skinny dipping.	ишла	0	0
И Том и Мери су већ гледали тај филм.	Both Tom and Mary have seen that movie.	гледали	0	0
Najlepši cvetovi imaju najoštrije trnje.	The most beautiful flowers have the sharpest thorns.	trnje	0	0
Треба да једем.	I should eat.	једем	0	0
Ukrao je veoma dragocen dijamantski prsten.	He stole a very valuable diamond ring.	dijamantski	0	0
Нема више вина.	There's no more wine left.	вина	0	0
Могу ли да уђем?	Can I come in?	уђем	0	0
Tom ima veliku čvorugu na potiljku.	Tom has a large bump on the back of his head.	potiljku	0	0
Udovi trnu od hladnoće.	Cold numbs the limbs.	udovi	0	0
Tom je rastrojen.	Tom's distracted.	rastrojen	0	0
Načinila sam prvi korak.	I took the first step.	načinila	0	0
Том не може да остане дуго, па крећемо са састанком.	Tom can't stay for long so let's get the meeting started.	крећемо	0	0
Хоћу да останем у Америци неколико година.	I want to stay in America for a few years.	америци	0	0
Дугујем вам извињење.	I owe you an apology.	дугујем	0	0
Снег се топи.	The snow is melting away.	снег	0	0
Nekad ne mogu da se obuzdam.	Sometimes I can't help myself.	obuzdam	0	0
Том је био власник ресторана који је изгорео.	Tom was the owner of the restaurant that burned down.	власник	0	0
Хоћеш ли чашу? Једна је на столу.	Do you want a glass? There's one on the table.	столу	0	0
Мрзим лов.	I hate hunting.	лов	0	0
Ona skoro da nema bliskih prijatelja.	She has nearly no close friends.	bliskih	0	0
Ухапсили су ме и ставили ми лисице.	I was arrested and handcuffed.	ставили	0	0
Opekla sam jezik.	I burnt my tongue.	opekla	0	0
Том изузетно добро свира кларинет.	Tom plays the clarinet exceptionally well.	изузетно	0	0
Тренер је гледао тим како напорније вежба.	The coach watched the team practice harder.	тренер	0	0
Ишао сам таксијем јер сам закаснио на аутобус.	I took a taxi because I missed the bus.	аутобус	0	0
Moramo da štedimo novac da kupimo nov automobil.	We need to save up money to buy a new car.	štedimo	0	0
Зашто га ниси узео пре него што смо кренули?	Why didn't you grab it before we left?	кренули	0	0
Пошаљи Тома горе.	Send Tom up.	пошаљи	0	0
Oni mrze paukove.	They hate spiders.	paukove	0	0
Колико кошта овај шешир?	How much does this hat cost?	шешир	0	0
Још немам уговор.	I don't have a contract yet.	уговор	0	0
Слушај своје родитеље!	Listen to your parents.	родитеље	0	0
Чији си ти син?	Whose son are you?	чији	0	0
Tom mi je pomogao u pisanju ovog sastava.	Tom helped me write this essay.	sastava	0	0
Napustio je svoju porodicu i preselio se na Tahiti.	He abandoned his family and moved to Tahiti.	tahiti	0	0
Свако је газда у својој кући.	Everyone is master in his own house.	газда	0	0
Pokaži mi šta da prevedem.	Show me what to translate.	prevedem	0	0
Цело јутро сам писао писма.	I was writing letters all morning.	писма	0	0
Svi učesnici su se okupili u glavnom holu.	All the participants gathered in the main hall.	učesnici	0	0
Anonimus još uvek isporučuje.	The Anonymous is still able to deliver.	isporučuje	0	0
Покажи ми фотографије!	Show me the photographs!	фотографије	0	0
Oduvek su mi se sviđali horor-filmovi.	I've always liked horror movies.	sviđali	0	0
Успео сам да погодим лопту.	I was able to hit the ball.	лопту	0	0
Hoću da budem slađi.	I wanna be cuter.	slađi	0	0
Ово превазилази све границе.	That is going too far.	границе	0	0
Redovna upotreba agruma će smanjiti pore i osvežiti kožu.	Regular use of citrus fruit will shrink pores and make the skin feel fresh.	pore	0	0
Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	stranog	0	0
Мислио сам да смо успели да то урадимо како ваља.	I thought we'd managed to do that right.	ваља	0	0
Јебеш то!	Fuck that!	јебеш	0	0
Da nadogradite firmver, idite na stranicu za preuzimanje i dovucite najnoviju verziju.	To upgrade the firmware, you must go to the download page and download the latest version.	najnoviju	0	0
Stvarno treba da se istuširaš.	You do need to take a shower.	istuširaš	0	0
Ватрогасци су спречили ширење ватре.	The firefighters kept the fire from spreading.	ватре	0	0
Не смемо ово да радимо никад више.	We must never do this again.	смемо	0	0
Таман сам се окупао, и сад морам да идем да избацим ђубре.	I've just washed up, and now I've got to take the rubbish out.	ђубре	0	0
Nemoj da bleneš.	Don't stare.	bleneš	0	0
Poreska kontrola me proverava.	The IRS is auditing me.	poreska	0	0
To je bio stresan dan.	It was a stressful day.	stresan	0	0
Живим близу реке.	I live near a river.	реке	0	0
Запамтите то.	Remember that.	запамтите	0	0
Безбедносне камере су свуда.	There are security cameras everywhere.	камере	0	0
Треба ми паста за зубе.	I need toothpaste.	зубе	0	0
Tom je sedeo na klupi celi dan, pišući razglednice.	Tom sat on the beach all day, writing postcards.	pišući	0	0
Скини капу.	Remove your hat.	скини	0	0
Ово куче изгледа као коњ.	This dog looks like a horse.	коњ	0	0
Како одлична идеја!	What a great idea!	одлична	0	0
Ja sam ćelava.	I'm bald.	ćelava	0	0
Нисмо могли да брзо стигнемо тамо.	We couldn't get there quickly.	стигнемо	0	0
Tom i Marija igraju šah sa skupom ručno izrezbarenih šahovskih figura navodno od slonovače.	Tom and Mary are playing chess with a set of hand-carved chess pieces supposedly made of ivory.	skupom	0	0
Хода полако.	He walks slowly.	хода	0	0
Ovom cvetu ne treba puno svetlosti da bi preživelo.	This plant doesn't need a lot of light.	cvetu	0	0
Šta ovo znači na arapskom?	What does this mean in Arabic?	arapskom	0	0
Ко је појео сир?	Who's eaten the cheese?	сир	0	0
Том погоди.	Tom guessed.	погоди	0	0
Jugoslavija tvrdi da nije odgovorna za aktivnosti Srpskih paravojnih formacija u Bosni koji su ubili hiljade, porušili gradove, i proterali 1,3 miliona ljudi u izbeglištvo za poslednja tri meseca.	Yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of Serbian militias in Bosnia which have killed thousands, ruined cities, and turned 1.3 million people into refugees over the last three months.	bosni	0	0
Devet FIFA zvaničnika je uhapšeno i optuženo za mito i korupciju.	Nine FIFA officials have been arrested and charged with racketeering and bribery.	zvaničnika	0	0
Следећа!	Next!	следећа	0	0
Знао сам да ће то да се догоди.	I knew that that would happen.	догоди	0	0
Imaš li krede?	Do you have some chalk?	krede	0	0
Убрзо сам схватила да је Том веома опасан.	I soon learned that Tom was very dangerous.	схватила	0	0
Predlažemo da se kvalitet vode proverava jednom godišnje u cevima, dvaput u bunaru.	We recommend that mains water have a water-quality test carried out once a year, well water twice a year.	predlažemo	0	0
Većina naučnika je odbacila teoriju pomeranja kontinenata, jer je bilo tako teško da se zamisli da su pokreti ploča uopšte i mogući.	Most scientists had rejected the continental-drift theory because it had been so difficult to imagine that plate movements were even possible.	pomeranja	0	0
Зачепи губицу.	Shut your mouth.	зачепи	0	0
Не дирај лава док спава.	Let sleeping dogs lie.	дирај	0	0
Коштаће те триста долара да одлетиш до тог острва.	It'll cost you three hundred dollars to fly to that island.	острва	0	0
Мери напући усне, очекујући пољубац, али се ништа не догоди. Када је отворила очи, Тома не беше ту.	Mary puckered her lips, expecting a kiss, but nothing happened. When she opened her eyes, Tom had gone.	пољубац	0	0
Том ће се вратити на посао чим изађе из болнице.	Tom will be going back to work as soon as he gets out of the hospital.	болнице	0	0
Ona je prepoznala vrhunskog špijuna sa višestrukim identitetom kada mu je pala perika.	She recognized the master spy with multiple identities when his wig fell off.	vrhunskog	0	0
Da li mi se ovo priviđa?	Am I imagining this?	priviđa	0	0
Пишем за локалне новине.	I write for the local newspaper.	пишем	0	0
Ona ističe da ovaj poslednji potez vlade ima višestruko značenje.	She points out that this latest gesture of the government has multiple meanings.	višestruko	0	0
Мислим да ме је неко пратио.	I think I was followed.	пратио	0	0
Гледамо се.	See you around.	гледамо	0	0
Климнух главом.	I nodded.	главом	0	0
Том је рекао да ћеш тражити ово.	Tom said you'd be looking for this.	тражити	0	0
Том ми је рекао да си ти особа с којом треба да разговарам.	Tom told me you're the person I should talk to.	којом	0	0
Saplela sam se.	I tripped.	saplela	0	0
Držite pritisnut taster Ctrl i kliknite + za uvećavanje ili - za smanjivanje.	Hold down the Ctrl-key and click + to zoom in or - to zoom out.	taster	0	0
Мораћемо да се преселимо.	We're going to have to move.	мораћемо	0	0
Да ли Том зна шта да донесе.	Does Tom know what to bring?	донесе	0	0
Да ли си престала да узимаш лекове?	Did you stop taking your meds?	лекове	0	0
Špijunirala si me.	You've been spying on me.	špijunirala	0	0
Tom je sad van vidokruga.	Tom is now out of sight.	vidokruga	0	0
Безбојне зелене идеје спавају муњевито.	Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.	идеје	0	0
U kartonskoj kutiji ona ima voća, suvog grožđa, oraha, ovsenih pahuljica, kefira i konzervirane ribe sa sardinama, tunjevinom i skušom.	In a cardboard box she has fruit, raisins, nuts, oats, kefir and canned fish, namely sardines, tuna and mackerel.	suvog	0	0
To komplikuje stvari.	That's complicating the matter.	komplikuje	0	0
Идиоте један!	You idiot!	идиоте	0	0
Verovatno do periodičnog pojavljivanje besnila dolazi jer plutajući led sa Sibira može da nosi polarne lisice na njima.	Rabies is probably introduced periodically by polar foxes on drift ice from Siberia.	polarne	0	0
Sesija je završena.	The session has been prorogued.	sesija	0	0
Три пута сам покушала самоубиство.	I've attempted suicide three times.	самоубиство	0	0
U ovoj fazi svetske istorije, u Americi ne postoji jedna takva stvar kao što je nezavisna štampa. Vi to znate i ja to znam. Među vama nema ni jednog koji se usuđuje da napiše svoje iskreno mišljenje, i kad bi ga napisao, već unapred bi znao da se to nikada neće pojaviti u štampi. Ja dobijam redovno svoju platu kako bih držao svoje iskreno mišljenje izvan novina za koje radim. Mnogi od vas su takođe slično plaćeni za slične stvari, i bilo ko od vas ko bi bio toliko lud da piše ono što iskreno misli, našao bi se napolju, na ulici, u potrazi za nekim drugim poslom. Da sam ja dozvolio da se moje pravo mišljenje pojavi samo u jednom izdanju novina za koje radim, dobio bih otkaz s posla za manje od 24 časa. Posao novinara je da uništava istinu, da laže, da izopači, da kleveta, da se ulaguje monstrumu ispred čijih nogu leži, da prodaje ovu državu i njen narod za svoju dnevnu porciju hleba. Vi to znate isto kao što i ja to znam, i zar onda nazdravljanje nekom nezavisnom novinarstvu nije ništa drugo do jedna budalaština? Mi smo one lutke na kanapu, oni vuku kanap a mi igramo. Naš talenat, naši potencijali i naši životi su svojina drugih ljudi. Mi smo intelektualne prostitutke.	There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.	kleveta	0	0
Upravo si ustreljen.	You've just been shot.	ustreljen	0	0
Престани да се правиш.	Stop pretending.	правиш	0	0
Безбедност пре свега!	Safety first!	безбедност	0	0
Ако хоћеш да разговараш са Томом, мораћеш да сачекаш.	If you want to talk to Tom, you'll have to wait.	мораћеш	0	0
Волим светлост свеће.	I like candlelight.	светлост	0	0
Шалим се.	I'm just kidding.	шалим	0	0
Волим рок музку.	I like rock.	рок	0	0
Ponosim se svojom familijom.	I'm proud of my family.	familijom	0	0
Tom je štedeo novac da bi kupio automobil.	Tom has been saving money to buy a car.	štedeo	0	0
Начуљи уши.	Keep your ears open.	уши	0	0
Hoće li budućnost biti poput naučne fantastike?	Will the future be like science fiction?	fantastike	0	0
Прочитао сам само врх странице.	I only read the top of the page.	врх	0	0
J. Kepler, astronom i matematičar, je vršio istraživanje o planetama i njihovom kretanju.	J. Kepler, astronomer and mathematician, made a study of planets and their movements.	astronom	0	0
To sam mogao da uradim vez tvoje pomoći.	I could've done that without your help.	vez	0	0
Sada je situacija izmakla kontroli.	Now, the situation is out of hand.	izmakla	0	0
Veoma sam optimističan u vezi s ovim.	I'm very optimistic about this.	optimističan	0	0
Колико кошта ова камера?	How much is this camera?	камера	0	0
Не можеш да нас оставиш овде саме.	You can't leave us here by ourselves.	саме	0	0
Том сече нокте на ногама.	Tom is clipping his toenails.	ногама	0	0
Zašto uvek moraš da se umešaš?	Why do you always have to get involved?	umešaš	0	0
Нисмо успели да узмемо оно што нам је требало.	We weren't able to get what we needed.	узмемо	0	0
Колико примерака си продао?	How many copies have you sold?	продао	0	0
Ретко је мудро пешачити после журке; једини циљ у кретању би био одржавање топлоте, јер се хладноћа мора избећи по сваку цену,	It is seldom wise to try and walk after the party; the only object in moving would be to keep warm, for a chill must be avoided.	цену	0	0
Предавао је историју у школи.	He taught history at the school.	историју	0	0
Превише си млад.	You're too young.	млад	0	0
Iskustvo se stiče vremenom.	Experience is acquired with time.	stiče	0	0
Треба ми шиваћа машина.	I need a sewing machine.	машина	0	0
У чему је разлика?	What is the difference?	разлика	0	0
Al je živeo u Sovjetskom savezu, onom velikom i višenarodnom, u velikom regionu Tver, po veličini jednakim nekoliko engleskih zemalja.	Al lived in the Soviet Union, huge and multinational one, at the large Tver Region equal to several English counties in size.	engleskih	0	0
Objektivan sam.	I'm objective.	objektivan	0	0
Мислим да је то било поштено.	I think that it was fair.	поштено	0	0
Potcenjuješ me.	You underestimate me.	potcenjuješ	0	0
Краве једу траву.	Cows eat grass.	једу	0	0
Kad sam išao u srednju školu, ustajao sam u 6 svako jutro.	Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.	ustajao	0	0
Папараци ме свуда прате.	Paparazzi follow me everywhere.	прате	0	0
Hegelova filozofija je poslednji veličanstveni pokušaj da se povrati hrišćanstvo, koje je bilo izgubljeno i upropašćeno, i u stvari da se preko filozofije obnovi hrišćanstvo-što se generalno i ostvarilo u modernom dobu- tako što su je identifikovali sa negacijom hrišćanstva.	The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.	hrišćanstva	0	0
Pazi! U bašti je pet gladnih sovjetskih krava.	Watch out! There are five hungry Soviet cows in the garden!	sovjetskih	0	0
Volim analni seks.	I love anal sex.	analni	0	0
Danas je brod bio iznad Srednjeatlanskog Grebena - planinskog venca koji se nalazi na dnu okeana, na dubinama do 4500 metara.	Today, the ship remained over the Mid-Atlantic Ridge - a mountain range located on the bottom of the ocean at depths of up to 3 miles.	planinskog	0	0
Teško je ustanoviti šta se zaista dogodilo.	It is difficult to ascertain what really happened.	ustanoviti	0	0
Čula sam da je Tom nepošten.	I heard Tom was dishonest.	nepošten	0	0
Merin entuzijazam za kurs je opao kada se njen omiljeni predavač odselio.	Mary's enthusiasm for her course deteriorated when her favourite lecturer transferred interstate.	opao	0	0
Предлажем брзи меч тениса пре вечере.	I suggested a quick game of tennis before supper.	предлажем	0	0
Двосмерна улица је.	It's a two-way street.	улица	0	0
Имам мачку и пса. Мачка је црна, а пас бео.	I have a cat and a dog. The cat's black and the dog's white.	мачка	0	0
Блуз певач и гитариста Роберт Џонсон би 8. маја 2011. године напунио 100 година да није умро када је имао 27 година.	Blues singer and guitarist Robert Johnson would have been 100 years old on May 8th of 2011 if he hadn't died when he was 27 years old.	роберт	0	0
Било је јасно да Том лаже.	It was clear Tom was lying.	лаже	0	0
Том је и даље много заљубљен у тебе.	Tom is still very much in love with you.	заљубљен	0	0
Sve je dobro pripremljeno unapred.	Everything was prepared well in advance.	pripremljeno	0	0
Да ли сам погрешио?	Was I wrong?	погрешио	0	0
Ne volim da me osuđuju.	I don't like to be judged.	osuđuju	0	0
Нема постоји правило без изузетка.	There is no rule without exception.	правило	0	0
Пала су.	They fell.	пала	0	0
Ко ће бити одговоран да се постара да се тај посао обави?	Who's going to be responsible for making sure that gets done?	одговоран	0	0
"Kuc-kuc, ima li koga?" "Skloni se!" "Ne čujem te." "Dobro, šta želiš?" "Dozvoli da se predstavim. Ja sam Džeronimo Stilton." "Šta želiš?" "Vaše visočanstvo, dopustite mi da obiđem vaše kraljevstvo kako bih..." "Odbijeno." "Ali..." "Osim ako si pravi ratnik." "Verujte mi kada Vam kažem da NISAM vitez." "Znači nemaš mač?" "Niti jedan. Nisam vitez." "A parče Triforsa?" "NISAM vitez!" "Izgledaš kao vitez na ovoj slici koju sam našao na tvojoj internet stranici." "Nisam vitez!" "Onda idi." "Ali... dobro."	"Knock knock, is anyone home?" "Go away!" "I can't hear you." "Okay, what is it?" "Allow me to introduce myself. I am Geronimo Stilton." "What do you want?" "Your Highness, allow me to cross your kingdom so that I can get—" "Denied." "But—" "Unless you're a true warrior." "Believe me when I tell you that I am NOT a knight." "So you have no sword?" "Not even one. I am not a knight." "How about a piece of the Triforce?" "I am NOT a knight!" "You look like a knight on this picture I found on your website." "I am not a knight!" "Then go away." "But... okay."	džeronimo	0	0
Još uvek oplakujem smrt svog najstarijeg sina.	I'm still grieving from the death of my eldest son.	najstarijeg	0	0
Temeljan sam.	I'm observant.	temeljan	0	0
То је његова слаба тачка.	That's his weak spot.	тачка	0	0
Tom je želeo da ima lepšu mačku od svog suseda.	Tom wanted to have a nicer car than his neighbors.	lepšu	0	0
Јеси ли јела лука?	Did you eat garlic?	лука	0	0
U agenciji za sprovođenje zakona sam.	I'm in law enforcement.	sprovođenje	0	0
Срећом, преживео сам несрећу.	I'm fortunate to have survived the accident.	срећом	0	0
Да ли се осећаш грозно сваког јутра?	Do you feel yucky every morning?	грозно	0	0
Можеш ли да видиш мост одатле?	Can you see the bridge from where you are?	мост	0	0
Није ми се јело.	I didn't feel like eating.	јело	0	0
Да ли Том зна неког доброг кувара?	Does Tom know a good cook?	доброг	0	0
Najlepši cvetovi imaju najoštrije trnje.	The most beautiful flowers have the sharpest thorns.	cvetovi	0	0
Ако јуриш два зеца, не добијеш ни једног.	If you chase two rabbits, you get neither.	добијеш	0	0
Obnovljiva energija je od suštinskog značaja za ograničavanje povećanja globalne temperature.	Renewable energy is essential for limiting the increase of the global temperature.	povećanja	0	0
Ovakvi projekti se nikada ne završe.	Such projects are never finished.	projekti	0	0
Vlada se slama zbog spletki oko izbegavanja plaćanja poreza.	The government is cracking down on tax avoidance schemes.	izbegavanja	0	0
Узми чашу.	Get a cup.	чашу	0	0
Девојчице су веома заузете.	The girls are very busy.	девојчице	0	0
Izgleda da si se prehladio.	You seem to have a cold.	prehladio	0	0
Том је трећи супруг моје ћерке.	Tom is my daughter's third husband.	ћерке	0	0
Prekoračio sam limit na svim kreditnim karticama.	All my credit cards are maxed out.	prekoračio	0	0
Желео бих да искористим ову прилику да се захвалим свима вама на указаном поверењу.	I'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the trust you've placed in us.	захвалим	0	0
Blefiram.	I'm bluffing.	blefiram	0	0
Деци треба љубав.	Children need loving.	деци	0	0
Не устај.	Don't get up.	устај	0	0
Да ли је Том прихватио нашу понуду?	Did Tom accept our offer?	понуду	0	0
Том продаје радио-уређаје.	Tom sells radios.	продаје	0	0
У кухињи је торта.	There is cake in the kitchen.	кухињи	0	0
Ispekao sam pitu od jabuka.	I baked an apple pie.	ispekao	0	0
Tom me zasmejava.	Tom makes me laugh.	zasmejava	0	0
Молим вас, пожурите.	Please hurry.	пожурите	0	0
Будало!	Fool!	будало	0	0
То је тешка тема.	It's a difficult topic.	тешка	0	0
Predlažemo da se kvalitet vode proverava jednom godišnje u cevima, dvaput u bunaru.	We recommend that mains water have a water-quality test carried out once a year, well water twice a year.	bunaru	0	0
YouTube video materijali su vrlo besmisleni.	YouTube videos are very meaningless.	besmisleni	0	0
Dajte mi ključ, i ja ću otključati svemir.	Give me a key, and I will unlock the universe.	otključati	0	0
Šećer se rastvara u toploj kafi.	Sugar dissolves in warm coffee.	toploj	0	0
Nemojte da se tučete.	Don't fight.	tučete	0	0
Линда је устала да пева.	Linda stood up to sing.	линда	0	0
Ја дајем предност кафи и тосту за доручак.	I prefer coffee and toast for breakfast.	предност	0	0
Muškarci imaju oko 7 do 8 puta više testosterona od žena.	Men have about 7 to 8 times more testosterone than women.	testosterona	0	0
Одох у цркву.	I went to church.	цркву	0	0
Ти си болесна!	You're sick!	болесна	0	0
Лопов дуго краде, па ипак на крају виси.	A thief steals for a long time, but eventually he will hang.	виси	0	0
Она је веома самостална за рад под нечијом контролом.	She is too independent to work under somebody's control.	контролом	0	0
Trenirala sam mesecima.	I've trained for months.	trenirala	0	0
Послао сам чек Тому.	I mailed a check to Tom.	чек	0	0
Како би било да направимо групу на фејсбуку тако да можемо да дискутујемо о учењу страних језика?	What about putting together a group on Facebook so we can discuss studying foreign languages?	направимо	0	0
Овај намештај припада мојој мами.	This furniture belongs to my mom.	мами	0	0
Hoćemo li aperitiv?	Shall we have an aperitif?	aperitiv	0	0
У игри сам.	I'm in a play.	игри	0	0
Čim završim sa izveštajem, poslaću ti ga.	As soon as I finish writing the report, I'll send it to you.	izveštajem	0	0
On je čovek od krvi i mesa sa svim svojim manama.	He is a man of flesh and blood with all his flaws.	manama	0	0
Добро сам погодио.	I guessed right.	погодио	0	0
Aviokompanija će se pobrinuti da pošalje Vaš prtljag sve do konačnog odredišta što pre, ili kasnije ako tako želi putnik.	The airline makes sure to send luggage all the way to the final destination as soon as possible, or at a later date, at the passenger's choice.	konačnog	0	0
Немам где другде да одем.	I have nowhere else to go.	другде	0	0
Cirih se smatra jednim od velikih finansijskih centara.	Zurich is considered to be a major financial hub.	centara	0	0
Била је то веома дуга вожња.	It was a very long drive.	дуга	0	0
Ми нисмо слободни.	We aren't free.	слободни	0	0
Бесплатан улаз.	Free entry.	улаз	0	0
Када сте почели играти голф?	When did you begin playing golf?	играти	0	0
Ma koliko razmatrao, i dalje ne razumem.	No matter how much I consider it I do not understand.	razmatrao	0	0
Готови су.	They're finished.	готови	0	0
Тома те мрзи из дна душе.	Tom hates your guts.	мрзи	0	0
Да ли си у Паризу?	Are you in Paris?	паризу	0	0
Коначно сам побегла.	I finally escaped.	побегла	0	0
Nestašan sam.	I'm restless.	nestašan	0	0
Треба да средим зубе.	I need to get my teeth fixed.	средим	0	0
Том је дефинитивно извукао дебљи крај.	Tom definitely got a raw deal.	извукао	0	0
Знам тачан датум.	I know the exact date.	датум	0	0
Идемо у планине.	We're going to the mountains.	планине	0	0
Том је проверио сва врата да би се уверио да су закључана пре него што је отишао на спавање.	Tom checked to make sure all the doors were locked before he went to sleep.	проверио	0	0
Прелепо.	Wonderful.	прелепо	0	0
Утрнула ми је лева нога.	My left foot is asleep.	нога	0	0
Све је успело.	Everything worked.	успело	0	0
Ole, najstarija jegulja na svetu, je upravo uginula. Imao je približno 150 godina.	Åle, the world's oldest eel, just died. He was approximately 150 years old.	uginula	0	0
Колико пута дневно се погледаш у огледало?	How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?	дневно	0	0
Бићете добро.	You're going to be OK.	бићете	0	0
Да ли си довољно спавала синоћ?	Did you sleep enough last night?	спавала	0	0
Tom je zavezao cipele.	Tom tied his shoes.	zavezao	0	0
Том је предложио да Марија оде код лекара.	Tom suggested that Mary see a doctor.	лекара	0	0
Počeo sam da učim engleski kada mi je bilo dvanaest. Tada sam bio zainteresovan za jezike, ali ne u toj meri. Sada govorim engleski, francuski, špnaski i portugalski; dakle, vreme je da naučim latinski.	I began to study English when I was twelve years of age. At that time I was interested in languages, but not excessively so. Now I can speak English, French, Spanish and Portuguese; and so it is time to learn Latin.	portugalski	0	0
Она је изгледала тужно.	She looked sad.	тужно	0	0
Дођите, покушајте.	Come try.	покушајте	0	0
Заслужује казну.	He deserves punishment.	казну	0	0
Запамти то.	Remember that.	запамти	0	0
Ne odgovarajte.	Don't respond.	odgovarajte	0	0
Мислим да то неће да упали.	I think that won't work.	упали	0	0
Јеси ли то намерно урадила?	Did you do that purposely?	намерно	0	0
Возио сам се са Томом.	I rode with Tom.	возио	0	0
Koli instrumenata umeš da sviraš?	How many instruments do you know how to play?	koli	0	0
Морамо да се држимо заједно.	We need to stay together.	држимо	0	0
Будућност не припада онима који су меког срца, већ онима који су храбри.	The future does not belong to the faint-hearted, it belongs to the brave.	онима	0	0
Хоћу да купим ову.	I want to buy this one.	купим	0	0
Знам ко је Том, али никад нисам причала с њим.	I know who Tom is, but I've never spoken to him.	причала	0	0
Поздрав.	Greetings.	поздрав	0	0
Doping nije kompatibilan sa mojim ideološkim pogledima na sport.	Doping is not compatible with my ideological views on the sport.	pogledima	0	0
San... pokušao sam da objasnim Svetom Petru, i učinio sam to na nemačkom jeziku, jer nisam želeo da budem suviše eksplicitan.	A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn't want to be too explicit.	petru	0	0
Tom je instalirao solarne panele na krovu svoje kuće.	Tom had solar panels installed on the roof of his house.	instalirao	0	0
Idem da dremnem.	I'm going to go take a nap.	dremnem	0	0
Требали би смо се вратити пре заласка сунца.	We should be back before nightfall.	сунца	0	0
Ova knjiga je pisana na prostom engleskom, tako da bi trebalo da ti bude lako da je čitaš.	This book is written in simple English, so it should be easy for you to read.	pisana	0	0
Захвалан сам на вашој доброти.	I'm thankful for your kindness.	захвалан	0	0
Колико често једеш сладолед?	How often do you eat ice cream?	једеш	0	0
Свиђа ми се боја те кошуље.	I like the color of that shirt.	боја	0	0
Шта ако случајно набодем реченицу чија су права заштићена?	What if I accidentally nail a sentence which is copyrighted?	чија	0	0
Крени на север.	Head north.	север	0	0
Tom uči programiranje.	Tom is learning programming.	programiranje	0	0
Govori će se baviti problemom zagađenja.	The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.	zagađenja	0	0
Naravno, postoji mnogo varijacija između ova dva ekstrema.	Obviously there are many variations between these two extremes.	varijacija	0	0
On nije dovoljno pametan da sabere brojeve u glavi.	He isn't smart enough to add up numbers in his head.	sabere	0	0
Зима је прошла. Пролеће је дошло.	Winter has gone. Spring has come.	прошла	0	0
Тома је скроз разорило када је чуо да је Мери убијена.	Tom was completely devastated when he heard that Mary had been killed.	убијена	0	0
Супермаркет је отворен од понедељка до суботе.	The supermarket is open Monday through Saturday.	отворен	0	0
Ne možeš da igraš tenis kada je vetrovito.	You can't play tennis on a windy day.	vetrovito	0	0
Šokiralo me je.	It shocked me.	šokiralo	0	0
Лекар је рекао Тому да мора да почне са балансиранијом исхраном.	The doctor told Tom he needed to eat a more balanced diet.	лекар	0	0
On je zadržavao vazduh.	He held his breath.	zadržavao	0	0
Tom radi honorarno.	Tom works part-time.	honorarno	0	0
Tom nam je pomogao da uštedimo mnogo novca.	Tom helped us save a lot of money.	uštedimo	0	0
Докле ћеш коначно, Катилина, злоупотребљавати стрпљивост нашу?	How long, O Catiline, will you abuse our patience?	докле	0	0
Замало да умреш.	You very nearly died.	умреш	0	0
Знам где да га ставим.	I know where to put it.	ставим	0	0
U blizini naše škole je autobuska stanica.	There's a bus stop close to our school.	autobuska	0	0
Отишао сам од куће пун наде.	I left home with high hopes.	наде	0	0
Престала бих да радим то да сте ме питали.	I'd have stopped doing that if you'd asked me to.	питали	0	0
Чекали смо.	We waited.	чекали	0	0
Tom je nosio farmerke i kaubojski šešir.	Tom wore jeans and a cowboy hat.	kaubojski	0	0
Jedan student iz Osla koji je falsifikovao svoju diplomu da se upiše na fakultet je bio osuđen na zatvor.	A student from Oslo who falsified his diploma to get into college has been sentenced to prison.	falsifikovao	0	0
Ово је Брајан Рок.	This is Brian Rock.	брајан	0	0
Mislim da smo možda bile previše agresivne.	I think maybe we've been too aggressive.	agresivne	0	0
Да ли живиш у граду или на селу?	Do you live in a town or in the country?	селу	0	0
Смирите се!	Calm down!	смирите	0	0
Izvini, nisam ispratio.	Sorry, I don't follow.	ispratio	0	0
Мери жели да буде модел.	Mary wants to be a fashion model.	модел	0	0
Svi mi primismo blagoslov za blagoslovom od svemoguće njene milosti.	We have all received one blessing after another from the fullness of his grace.	blagoslovom	0	0
Значи овако се завршава?	Is this how it ends?	завршава	0	0
Помери се назад.	Move back.	помери	0	0
Том је погледао лево и десно пре него што је прешао улицу.	Tom looked both ways before crossing the road.	улицу	0	0
Ne stavljaj laktove na sto.	Keep your elbows off the table.	laktove	0	0
Да ли чекаш мене да урадиш то?	Are you waiting for me to do that?	чекаш	0	0
Tom ide u školu za grafički dizajn.	Tom goes to school for graphic design.	grafički	0	0
Није толико необично.	It's not that unusual.	необично	0	0
Uvređena sam.	I'm offended.	uvređena	0	0
Чему служи ово чудило?	What's this thingamajig for?	служи	0	0
Мислим да си ту поруку послала погрешној особи.	I think you sent that message to the wrong person.	послала	0	0
Птице певају.	Birds sing.	птице	0	0
Објасни се!	Explain yourself!	објасни	0	0
Том зна да је Мери веома уморна.	Tom knows that Mary is extremely tired.	уморна	0	0
Хоћу да пустим Тома да иде.	I want to let Tom go.	пустим	0	0
Kosa mu je pokrivala skoro celo lice.	His hair almost covered his whole face.	pokrivala	0	0
Том никад није добио награду.	Tom never got an award.	награду	0	0
Неки људи су чак постали насилни.	Some people even got violent.	постали	0	0
Cela država o tome bruji!	The whole country is talking about it.	bruji	0	0
Napustiću školu.	I'm going to leave school.	napustiću	0	0
Smatraju ga za visoko kvalifikovanog zaposlenog.	They consider him a highly qualified employee.	zaposlenog	0	0
Постоји много тајни у животу.	There are many mysteries in life.	тајни	0	0
Čitaoci su bili na mukama, čekajući najmanje tri meseca pre nego što su dobili odgovor.	Readers had been waiting in suspense for at least three months before they got an answer.	čitaoci	0	0
U detinjstvu, mnogi nasilni kriminalci su bezobzirno mučili životinje.	In childhood, many violent criminals wantonly mistreated animals.	bezobzirno	0	0
Ово је некада била Томова канцеларија.	This used to be Tom's office.	канцеларија	0	0
Сва тројица су говорила само француски.	All three of them only spoke French.	говорила	0	0
Možeš da apgrejduješ svoj računar sa više RAM memorije da ubrzaš svoj PC.	You can upgrade your computer with more random access memory to make the PC faster.	pc	0	0
Обавио сам своје дужности.	I performed my duties.	дужности	0	0
Nikad nisam bila na kampovanju.	I've never been camping.	kampovanju	0	0
Ја сам тај који плаћа.	I'm paying.	плаћа	0	0
Ако сам спреман да преузмем ризик, не видим зашто би те било брига да ли ћу урадити то или не.	If I'm willing to take the risk, I don't see why you should care whether I do it or not.	ризик	0	0
Мислим да сам згодан.	I think I'm handsome.	згодан	0	0
То је био један од разлога због којих смо одлучили да одемо у Бостон.	That was one of the reasons we decided to go to Boston.	којих	0	0
Том не заслужује Мери.	Tom doesn't deserve Mary.	заслужује	0	0
Зезаш се?	Are you kidding?	зезаш	0	0
Želim da se osećam bitnim.	I want to feel important.	bitnim	0	0
Ја не могу мирно да седим.	I can't sit still.	седим	0	0
Замислите себе на мом месту.	Just put yourself in my shoes.	замислите	0	0
Zbog čega si odlučio da prestaneš da koristiš Tviter?	What made you decide to quit using Twitter?	tviter	0	0
Oko toga se i učeni prepiru.	On that point the learned disagree.	učeni	0	0
Bet je rekla Krisu da se okupa ili ona neće izaći sa njim na sastanak.	Beth told Chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him.	krisu	0	0
Imuna sam.	I'm immune.	imuna	0	0
Želiš da se priključiš?	Do you want in on this?	priključiš	0	0
Бели хлеб, молим.	White bread, please.	бели	0	0
Posle pet sati na vrućem pesku, on je na horizontu ugledao nešto što je izgledalo kao pustinjska fatamorgana.	After five hours on the hot sand, he began to see something on the horizon that looked like a desert mirage.	pustinjska	0	0
Мислим да ћу да изгубим.	I think that I'll lose.	изгубим	0	0
Samo hoću da stignem kući zdrav i prav.	I just want to get home safe and sound.	prav	0	0
Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	praktični	0	0
Mislim da se Tom trudio da me zadivi.	I think Tom has been trying to impress me.	zadivi	0	0
Zbog pogrešnog proračuna oni su izgubili dragoceno vreme.	Due to the miscalculation, they lost valuable time.	proračuna	0	0
Свако јутро устајем из кревета и идем на посао.	Every morning I get out of bed and go to work.	кревета	0	0
Открили смо велику грешку у систему.	We detected a great fault in the system.	открили	0	0
Том све доводи у питање.	Tom questions everything.	доводи	0	0
Sada dolazimo do prve stavke sa liste.	Now we come to the first agenda item.	stavke	0	0
Томас се исцери.	Thomas grinned.	томас	0	0
Nikad se nisam pokajao zbog toga.	I've never regretted it.	pokajao	0	0
Том ће купити нов рачунар.	Tom will buy a new computer.	купити	0	0
Хоћу да причам с тобом о ономе што се прошле недеље десило у Бостону.	I want to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.	ономе	0	0
Могу ли да користим твој речник?	Can I use your dictionary?	користим	0	0
Идем у истом правцу.	I'm going in the same direction.	правцу	0	0
Amonijak je baza.	Ammonia is a base.	amonijak	0	0
Brada ne čini filozofa, ali to ne čini ni jeftin mantil.	A beard doesn't make a philosopher, nor does wearing a cheap coat.	filozofa	0	0
Dok sam šetao ulicom kao sasvim običan pešak, ugledao sam mog prethodnika u limuzini.	While I was walking down the street as an ordinary pedestrian, I saw my predecessor in a limousine.	prethodnika	0	0
Том увек криви друге.	Tom always blames others.	криви	0	0
Solarna energija je čist izvog energije.	Solar power is a clean source of energy.	solarna	0	0
Намеравам да почнем сада.	I intend to start now.	почнем	0	0
Знам јако мало о историји Бостона.	I know very little about the history of Boston.	историји	0	0
Prosidba je bila divna.	It was a beautiful marriage proposal.	prosidba	0	0
Том је рекао да му се свиђа моја песма.	Tom said he liked my song.	песма	0	0
Neću se mrdnuti ni santimetar.	I'm not giving an inch.	mrdnuti	0	0
Дала сам Тому нешто лове.	I gave Tom some cash.	лове	0	0
Руке су јој биле хладне као лед.	Her hands were as cold as ice.	лед	0	0
Да ли Тому треба капут?	Does Tom need a coat?	капут	0	0
Ухапшен сам у Бостону због крађе.	I got arrested in Boston for shoplifting.	ухапшен	0	0
Snalažljiv sam.	I'm resourceful.	snalažljiv	0	0
Отрчао сам то аута, ушао унутра, и одвезао се.	I ran back to the car, got in, and drove away.	аута	0	0
Реци ми ако треба да направим неке измене.	Let me know if I need to make any changes.	направим	0	0
Шта би могло да буде узрок томе што се кућа запалила?	What could've caused the house to burn down?	узрок	0	0
Tom je počeo da izlazi sa starijom ženom.	Tom has started dating an older woman.	starijom	0	0
Уметност је дуга, живот је кратак.	Art is long, life is short.	уметност	0	0
Отрчао сам у шуму.	I ran into the woods.	шуму	0	0
Obe moje sestre su nastavnice.	Both of my sisters are teachers.	nastavnice	0	0
Motivisan sam.	I'm motivated.	motivisan	0	0
Осећам се кривим.	I feel guilty.	кривим	0	0
Живи су вреднији од мртвих.	The living are more valuable than the dead.	мртвих	0	0
Zašto ne navratiš nekad?	Why don't you drop around sometime?	navratiš	0	0
Напусти град.	Leave town.	напусти	0	0
Radna grupa koja se bavi transferom podataka, vodjena od strane Bena Manija, će održati sastanak 14 januara 1999.	The working group on data transfer, led by Ben Manny, will hold a meeting on Jan 14, 1999.	manija	0	0
Jedan čovek je uhapšen i optužen za namerno ubistvo iz nehata 25-godišnje Marije Tomson.	One man has been arrested and charged with the voluntary manslaughter of 25-year-old Mary Tomson.	tomson	0	0
Могу да додирнем под длановима а да не савијем колена.	I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.	колена	0	0
Troškovi će uskoro narasti.	Fees are about to go up.	narasti	0	0
Хоћу да сазнам више о томе.	I want to know more about that.	сазнам	0	0
Kupi litar mleka, i ako imaju jaja, kupi dvanaest jaja.	Buy a liter of milk, and if there are eggs, buy a dozen eggs.	litar	0	0
Још увек си љута, зар не?	You're still mad, aren't you?	љута	0	0
Dogodiće se loše stvari.	Bad things will happen.	dogodiće	0	0
Nema mu ravnog.	He is second to none.	ravnog	0	0
Велико питање на које никада није одговорено, на које ни ја нисам био у стању да дам одговор, упркос тридесетогодишњем истраживању женске душе, гласи: Шта жена жели?	The great question that has never been answered, and which I have not yet been able to answer, despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is "What does a woman want?"	упркос	0	0
Завршила?	Done?	завршила	0	0
Onaj ko zna da voli zna i da kritikuje.	He who loves well reprimands well.	kritikuje	0	0
Moramo da unajmimo advokata.	We need to hire a lawyer.	unajmimo	0	0
Влада је одбила захтев.	The government turned down the request.	захтев	0	0
Nisam se unervozio zbog toga.	I wasn't nervous about it.	unervozio	0	0
SAD su bacile atomsku bombu na Hirošimu 1945.	The USA dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima in 1945.	bacile	0	0
Једи, молим те.	Please eat.	једи	0	0
Знамо шта смо се договорили.	We know what was agreed upon.	договорили	0	0
Ne postoji pravilo bez izuzetka.	There is no rule without exception.	izuzetka	0	0
Том још није ожењен.	Tom is still not married.	ожењен	0	0
Требало је да ти дам већу подршку.	I should've been more supportive.	подршку	0	0
Da li mi se pričinjava?	Am I seeing things?	pričinjava	0	0
Колико пута дневно се погледаш у огледало?	How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?	огледало	0	0
Она плаче.	She is crying.	плаче	0	0
Кафа и чај су спремни.	Coffee and tea are ready.	кафа	0	0
Човек има много жеља које заправо ни не жели да се остваре, и било би погрешно претпоставити супротно.Он жели да оне остану само жеље; оне имају вредност само у његовој машти; њихово остваривање било би за њега горко разочарење.Таква једна жеља је и жеља за вечним животом. Да је била испуњена, човек би постао потпуно болестан од бесконачног живота, и желео би смрт.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	жеље	0	0
Otupela, bezosećajna deca mogu nekada da odrastu u sociopate.	Callous, unemotional children can sometimes become adult sociopaths.	bezosećajna	0	0
Колико људи који се зову Том познајете?	How many people named Tom do you know?	познајете	0	0
Tom je tolko bogat da čak i njegove sluge imaju sluge.	Tom is so rich that even his servants have servants.	tolko	0	0
Holandija je mala zemlja.	Holland is a small country.	holandija	0	0
Очекујем да ми се плати.	I expect to be paid.	очекујем	0	0
Он тврди да постоји блиска веза између редоследа рођења и личности.	His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality.	тврди	0	0
Tom ima trbušnjake.	Tom has a six-pack.	trbušnjake	0	0
Том је био стварно уплашен.	Tom was real scared.	уплашен	0	0
Изашао сам напоље за мало свежег ваздуха.	I stepped outside for some fresh air.	ваздуха	0	0
Надам се да се нисте увалили у невоље.	I hope that you didn't get into trouble.	невоље	0	0
Tamo vrše stabilizacione oparacije i tretiraju kritične povrede, tako da pacijenti mogu da se prebace u bolnicu sa kapacitetom za završne tretmane.	There they perform stabilizing surgery and treat critical injuries, so that patients can be moved to a hospital with capacity for the remainder of their treatment.	tretmane	0	0
На основу података које сам вам изнео, са којом причом би сте изашли?	Based on the information that I've given you, what story would you come up with?	података	0	0
Плашим се да могу да се повредим.	I'm afraid I might get hurt.	повредим	0	0
Страва.	Awesome.	страва	0	0
Боље да не идемо у виду док не крене смена стражару.	Let's stay out of the water until the lifeguard goes on duty.	крене	0	0
Tom je napisao popriličan broj ljubavnih pisama Meri.	Tom has written quite a few love letters to Mary.	popriličan	0	0
Не желимо никакав непотребни скандал.	We don't want any unnecessary scandal.	никакав	0	0
Црни лук је сада скуп.	Onions are expensive now.	црни	0	0
Tom zna da svira bendžo.	Tom can play the banjo.	bendžo	0	0
Урадићу домаћи чим се вратим кући.	I'm going to do my homework as soon as I get home.	урадићу	0	0
Tom je bio utučen.	Tom has been depressed.	utučen	0	0
Иако сам говорио Тому да не отвара врата, он их је отворио.	Despite me telling Tom not to open the door, he opened it.	отвара	0	0
Naseci sir na tanke parčiće ili na male kocke.	Cut the cheese into thin slices or into little cubes.	parčiće	0	0
Мислим да ће Том да позове Мери.	I think that Tom will call Mary.	позове	0	0
Bet je rekla Krisu da se okupa ili ona neće izaći sa njim na sastanak.	Beth told Chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him.	okupa	0	0
Том ће ми поправити сат.	I'm going to have my watch repaired by Tom.	поправити	0	0
Ни данас није топло.	It's not hot today either.	топло	0	0
Zadatak prevodioca se sastoji u tome da u svom jeziku pronađe efekat koji daje eho originala; taj eho u jeziku prevodioca takođe mora da da odjek dela, odjek stranog jezika.	The translator's task is to find the power in their language that evokes an echo of the originals; the echo of the translator's language must also provide a reverberation of the work, the echo of the foreign language.	originala	0	0
Nemam pojima o čemu ti pričaš.	I have no idea what you're talking about.	pojima	0	0
Ушли смо у тесан пролаз.	We entered a narrow passageway.	пролаз	0	0
Том је опет имао мождани удар.	Tom had a seizure again.	удар	0	0
Да ли Том једе рибу?	Does Tom eat fish?	рибу	0	0
Usrećila sam Džona.	I made John happy.	usrećila	0	0
Његов коментар је лако разумети на погрешан начин.	His remark is open to misunderstanding.	погрешан	0	0
Betoven je napisao devet simfonija.	Beethoven wrote nine symphonies.	simfonija	0	0
Elektronika obezbeđuje višestepeno i jednostavno prilagođavanje protoka vazduha.	A simple multi-stage adjustment of the air flow is provided electronically.	elektronika	0	0
Шта је твој пас јео?	What did your dog eat?	јео	0	0
Voleo bih da se osloniš na mene.	I would like you to rely on me.	osloniš	0	0
Мислим да се вероватно пуно свиђаш Тому.	I think Tom probably likes you a lot.	свиђаш	0	0
Чуо сам да постоји већа шанса да ће да те поједе комарац ако пијеш пиво него ако га не пијеш.	I've heard that if you drink beer you are more likely to be bitten by mosquitoes than if you don't drink beer.	већа	0	0
Najbolje je stvari rešavati u hodu.	The best way is to take things as they come.	rešavati	0	0
Jednostavni i praktični "vinski čep" se koristi da "zapečati" vinsku bocu tako što isisa vazduh iz flaše praveći vakuum.	The easy and practical "wine cork" is used to "reseal" a wine bottle by sucking out air from the bottle and creating a vacuum.	zapečati	0	0
Он паде уназад.	He fell backward.	уназад	0	0
Тому је требало неколико сати да склопи кревет на спрат за чије склапање је упуство казало да ће трајати мање од сат времена.	It took Tom several hours to assemble a bunk bed that the instructions said would take less than an hour to assemble.	спрат	0	0
Краве дају млеко.	Cows supply milk.	млеко	0	0
Pretoplo je.	It is too hot.	pretoplo	0	0
Meri se osetila povređenom kada se njena deca nisu mogla potruditi da je kontaktiraju za osmi mart.	Mary was hurt when her children didn't even bother to contact her for Mother's Day.	kontaktiraju	0	0
Био сам у великој невољи.	I was in big trouble.	великој	0	0
Мораћу да погледам.	I'll have to look it up.	мораћу	0	0
Чекај ме. Враћам се убрзо.	Wait for me. I'll be back soon.	убрзо	0	0
Када си се пробудио?	When do you wake up?	пробудио	0	0
Желим да живим са твојом породицом.	I want to live with your family.	твојом	0	0
Nebo je bivalo tamnije i tamnije.	The sky became darker and darker.	tamnije	0	0
Prosečni ste studenti.	You're average students.	prosečni	0	0
Nikad nikom ne pozajmljujem knjige ili CD-ove.	I never lend books or CDs to anyone.	pozajmljujem	0	0
Tom izgleda odbačeno.	Tom looks thrown.	odbačeno	0	0
Nikad nisu progovorili s nama.	They never spoke to us.	progovorili	0	0
Том је заузето строго одбрамбени став.	Tom became very defensive.	став	0	0
Без бриге.	No worries.	бриге	0	0
Добар погодак!	Nice shot!	погодак	0	0
Била бих ужасно разочарана кад не би дошао на моју журку.	I'd be terribly disappointed if you didn't come to my party.	журку	0	0
Nije zlato sve što sja.	All that glitters is not gold.	sja	0	0
Тому се не допада Мери. Не допада му се ни Алис.	Tom doesn't like Mary. He also doesn't like Alice.	алис	0	0
Ко је престао?	Who stopped?	престао	0	0
Šta je sа tobom?	What's wrong with you?	sа	0	0
Немам жељу да живим у великом граду.	I have no wish to live in a large city.	жељу	0	0
Provalnici su u zatvoru.	The burglars are in prison.	provalnici	0	0
Snažna posvećnost životnoj sredini nije kompatibilna sa velikim investicijama u naftu i gas.	Strong commitment to the environment is not compatible with large investments in oil and gas.	životnoj	0	0
Том неко време покушава да убеди Мери да престане да пуши.	Tom has been trying to convince Mary to quit smoking.	престане	0	0
Civilizacija zasnovana na fosilnim gorivima će se na kraju neminovno srušiti.	Our fossil-fuel based industrial civilization will eventually collapse.	neminovno	0	0
Slušanje muzike je moj omljeni način opuštanja.	Listening to music is my favourite relaxation.	opuštanja	0	0
Tom ne može da se obuzda.	Tom can't help himself.	obuzda	0	0
Том ли од мене очекује да урадим то?	Does Tom expect me to do that?	очекује	0	0
Да ли често пишеш својим родитељима?	Do you often write to your parents?	родитељима	0	0
Dobijam preko dvesta mejlova na dan.	I get more than two hundred emails a day.	mejlova	0	0
Tomove roletne su spuštene.	Tom's blinds are closed.	spuštene	0	0
Tom je zamolio Meri da ga počeša na deo leđa koji nije mogao da dosegne.	Tom got Mary to scratch the part of his back he couldn't reach.	dosegne	0	0
Станите са леве стране бицикла, и држите седиште десном руком.	Stand on the left-hand side of the bicycle, and hold the saddle with the right hand.	руком	0	0
Objasni to prostim rečima.	Explain it in plain words.	prostim	0	0
A čudiš se zašto ne možemo da podnesemo tvoje društvo?	And you wonder why we can't stand being around you anymore?	čudiš	0	0
Књига је боља од филма.	The book is better than the movie.	филма	0	0
Tom je veoma sofisticiran.	Tom is very sophisticated.	sofisticiran	0	0
Рођен је у малом селу на југу Турске.	He was born in a small village in the south of Turkey.	малом	0	0
Мислим да губимо.	I think that we're losing.	губимо	0	0
Da li si uživao u gledanju noćne utakmice sinoć?	Did you enjoy watching the night game last night?	gledanju	0	0
Већ сам ти позвала такси.	I've already called a taxi for you.	позвала	0	0
Razvijanje u tehnološkoj oblasti ide munjevitom brzinom.	Development in the technological area is proceeding at lightning speed.	razvijanje	0	0
Nisi racionalan.	You're being irrational.	racionalan	0	0
Предлог се одбија.	Motion denied.	предлог	0	0
Жена ће ми се бринути ако је не позовем.	My wife will worry if I don't call her.	бринути	0	0
Том је двапут пребројао новац.	Tom counted the money two times.	двапут	0	0
Mi mu se ne sviđamo.	He does not like us.	sviđamo	0	0
Временска капсула ће се отворити за педесет година.	The time capsule will be opened in fifty years.	отворити	0	0
Tog jutra Marija je obišla celo selo.	That morning Mary went round the whole village.	obišla	0	0
Tokom eksperimenta o moći opažanja, Tom nije umeo da opiše nijednu sliku sa zida svoje dnevne sobe, iako je tu živeo dve godine.	During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.	opažanja	0	0
Треба да погледамо карту.	We should look at the map.	погледамо	0	0
Живела сам у центру Бостона три године.	I lived in downtown Boston for three years.	живела	0	0
Kišna sezona počinje u junu.	Rainy season begins in June.	kišna	0	0
Нека силеџије константно и задиркују моју ћерку због укрштених очију, она зна да је најпаметнија од свих.	Even if bullies constantly torment my cross-eyed daughter, she knows she is the smartest of them all.	очију	0	0
Изненађен сам што ти је требало толико.	I'm surprised it took you this long.	изненађен	0	0
Пси знају да пливају.	Dogs can swim.	пси	0	0
Време је за повратак кући.	It's time to come back home.	повратак	0	0
Захвалан сам на свему што сте учинили за мене.	I'm very thankful for all that you've done for me.	учинили	0	0
Том је рекао да је невин.	Tom said that he was innocent.	невин	0	0
Том је испрао грло.	Tom gargled.	грло	0	0
U našem širokom svetu, postoji nezbroj stilova života, jezika i kultura.	In our wide world, there exist countless lifestyles, languages and cultures.	širokom	0	0
Вест је дошла као гром из ведра неба.	The news came out of the blue.	неба	0	0
Средио сам да се нађеш с Томом на аеродрому.	I've arranged for Tom to meet you at the airport.	средио	0	0
Том је држао за себе своја осећања према Мери.	Tom has kept his feelings for Mary to himself.	држао	0	0
Пронашла сам га у подруму.	I found it in the basement.	пронашла	0	0
Замолио сам Тома за савет.	I asked Tom for his advice.	замолио	0	0
У почетку Бог је створио небо и Земљу.	In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.	створио	0	0
Прошло је скоро три године откако се то десило.	It's been almost three years since that happened.	откако	0	0
Obaveštajni satelit je vojni satelit sposoban da nadzire mnoge aktivnosti na zemlji, prisluškuje komunikacione linije, registruje radnu frekvenciju radarskih sistema...	A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...	obaveštajni	0	0
Функционише.	It works.	функционише	0	0
Само сачекај секунд.	Just wait a second.	секунд	0	0
Том и Мери су изнајмили кућу у Бостону после венчања.	Tom and Mary rented a house in Boston after getting married.	венчања	0	0
Како се зовете?	What's your name?	зовете	0	0
Пијани возач је оштетио стабло.	The drunk driver damaged a tree.	возач	0	0
Донео сам тому неколико пића.	I bought Tom a couple of drinks.	пића	0	0
Том воли мачке.	Tom is a cat lover.	мачке	0	0
Подне даске зашкрипаше.	The floorboards creaked.	подне	0	0
Хоћете ли превоз?	Do you want a lift?	превоз	0	0
Razbesnelo me je.	It made me furious.	razbesnelo	0	0
Tom je bio jako dobr sijaš dok je bio tinejdžer.	Tom was a very good skier when he was a teenager.	sijaš	0	0
Имам потпуно поверење у тебе.	I have complete confidence in you.	поверење	0	0
Да ли Том мисли да ће то да успе?	Does Tom think it will work?	успе	0	0
Када сте сазнали шта се десило?	When did you find out about what happened?	сазнали	0	0
Mačka je ležala ispružena celom dužinom na sunčevoj svetlosti koja je prodirala kroz prozor.	The cat was lying stretched out at full length in the sunlight streaming through the window.	dužinom	0	0
Треба више да слуша друге људе.	She should listen more to other people.	слуша	0	0
Većina naučnika je odbacila teoriju pomeranja kontinenata, jer je bilo tako teško da se zamisli da su pokreti ploča uopšte i mogući.	Most scientists had rejected the continental-drift theory because it had been so difficult to imagine that plate movements were even possible.	kontinenata	0	0
Lako je da se statistika pogrešno tumači.	Statistics are easy to misinterpret.	tumači	0	0
Молим вас, размислите опет.	Please reconsider.	размислите	0	0
Пази да не будеш предуго на сунцу.	Be careful not to get too much sun.	предуго	0	0
Пољуби га.	Kiss him.	пољуби	0	0
Važna osobina čelika je njegova jačina.	An important quality of steel is its strength.	jačina	0	0
Ne prestaj.	Don't stop.	prestaj	0	0
Спреми се.	Get set.	спреми	0	0
Да ли је то чиста случајност?	Is it purely coincidence?	чиста	0	0
Моје име је Џејмс,али молим те зови ме Џим.	My name is James, but please call me Jim.	џим	0	0
Нисмо толико јадни.	We're not that poor.	јадни	0	0
Лепо смо јели.	We had a nice meal.	јели	0	0
Ne skačite!	Don't jump!	skačite	0	0
Непријатељ је напао отпозади.	The enemy attacked from the rear.	напао	0	0
Tom ima masnu kožu.	Tom has oily skin.	masnu	0	0
Предложио сам да изађемо на кафу.	I suggested we go out for coffee.	изађемо	0	0
Видео сам Тома у цркви.	I saw Tom at church.	цркви	0	0
Његов коментар је лако разумети на погрешан начин.	His remark is open to misunderstanding.	разумети	0	0
Besplatna biblioteka Haskel i Opera haus sagrađeni su na granici između Kanade i Sjedinjenih država.	The Haskell Free Library and Opera House was built on the border between Canada and the United States.	haskel	0	0
Tomova najmlađa ćerka je njegova miljenica.	Tom's youngest daughter is his favorite.	miljenica	0	0
Tom nije samo druželjubiv, već i darežljiv.	Tom isn't only friendly, he's also generous.	druželjubiv	0	0
Čak i ako je nešto prolazno kao miris, ili brzo kao misao, uvek postoji način da se dobije ono što se jako želi.	Even if it is as fleeting as a scent or as quick as a thought, there is always a way to get what you desire.	prolazno	0	0
Mnogo je lepih parkova u Londonu.	There are many beautiful parks in London.	parkova	0	0
Nemoj me pobrkati sa Hitlerom.	Don't confuse me with Hitler.	hitlerom	0	0
Voli da od komarca pravi magarca.	He loves to make a mountain out of a molehill.	komarca	0	0
Том је издао своје пријатеље.	Tom betrayed his friends.	издао	0	0
Том је избегао да га ухвате.	Tom avoided being caught.	ухвате	0	0
Склоните на страну ваше књиге и свеске.	Put away your books and notebooks.	склоните	0	0
Компаније кажу да маркетинг помаже.	Companies say advertising is helpful.	компаније	0	0
"Марко!" "Поло!"	"Marco!" "Polo!"	марко	0	0
U budućnosti, mnogi radnici će biti zamenjeni robotima.	In the future, many workers will be replaced by robots.	robotima	0	0
Колико то кошта?	How much is this?	кошта	0	0
У то време, црна деца нису ишта у школу са белом децом.	In those days, black children didn't go to school with white children.	децом	0	0
Postoje indicije da će prijem, koji je poznat po svojim luksuznim jelima, ove godine biti nešto skromniji.	There are some indications that the reception, which is known for its luxurious dishes, will be a bit more subdued this year.	indicije	0	0
Održaće govore sutra.	They will hold talks tomorrow.	održaće	0	0
Želimo kompletne rečenice.	We want complete sentences.	kompletne	0	0
On je čovek sa tradicijom.	He is a man of tradition.	tradicijom	0	0
Да ли ћеш да будеш слободна у понедељак?	Will you be free on Monday?	слободна	0	0
Moramo da se poboljšamo.	We've got to do better.	poboljšamo	0	0
Doprineo sam.	I contributed.	doprineo	0	0
Sa strašnim zakašnjenjem je avion Norwegian-a sa Hartsfilda-Džekson aerodroma u Atlanti za Oslo konačno mogao da se uputi za Norvešku u utorak veče.	A heavily delayed Norwegian airplane was able to finally depart from the Hartsfield-Jackson airport in Atlanta and head for Oslo on Tuesday night.	norvešku	0	0
Неке области су и даље затворене после незгоде.	Some areas are still closed after the incident.	области	0	0
Taj elegantni pozlaćeni lančić sa srcima je ogrlica koja će "uzdrmati tvoj svet".	That elegant gold plated chain with hearts is a necklace that will "rock your world".	elegantni	0	0
Budite obazrivi.	Take care.	obazrivi	0	0
Norveški zatvori su najluksuzniji na svetu.	Norwegian prisons are the most luxurious in the world.	norveški	0	0
Човек има много жеља које заправо ни не жели да се остваре, и било би погрешно претпоставити супротно.Он жели да оне остану само жеље; оне имају вредност само у његовој машти; њихово остваривање било би за њега горко разочарење.Таква једна жеља је и жеља за вечним животом. Да је била испуњена, човек би постао потпуно болестан од бесконачног живота, и желео би смрт.	Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.	жеља	0	0
Ona je prepoznala vrhunskog špijuna sa višestrukim identitetom kada mu je pala perika.	She recognized the master spy with multiple identities when his wig fell off.	identitetom	0	0
Skupština je raspuštena.	Parliament has been dissolved.	skupština	0	0
Mislim da treba da se koncentrišemo na druge stvari.	I think we should concentrate on other things.	koncentrišemo	0	0
Пажња, молим!	Attention, please!	пажња	0	0
Mađarski jezik nije lak, ali je divan.	The Hungarian language is not simple, but wonderful.	mađarski	0	0
На крају сам спавао у ауту.	I ended up sleeping in my car.	ауту	0	0
Дани су се скратили.	The days shortened.	дани	0	0
Ја обожавам мајмуне.	I love monkeys.	обожавам	0	0
Kako varvarski!	How barbaric!	varvarski	0	0
Да ли имаш белу хаљину?	Do you have a white dress?	хаљину	0	0
Под којим именом?	Under what name?	именом	0	0
Ова зграда је веома уска.	This building is very narrow.	зграда	0	0
Том је из малог драга на око триста километара одавде.	Tom is from small town about three hundred kilometers from here.	километара	0	0
Да ли Том добро познаје ту област?	Does Tom know the area well?	познаје	0	0
Том се борио.	Tom fought.	борио	0	0
Он је човек од искуства.	He's an old hand.	искуства	0	0
Zini!	Open your mouth!	zini	0	0
Риба надувача се у Јапану сматра послатицом.	Pufferfish is considered a delicacy in Japan.	сматра	0	0
Волети и бити вољен је највећа срећа.	To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.	највећа	0	0
Том је хтео да прича са Мери о нечему.	Tom wanted to talk to Mary about something.	нечему	0	0
Veličina brushaltera u Japanu je manja od brushaltera istog broja na zapadu, zbog manje prosečne veličine grudi.	Bra sizes in Japan are smaller than equivalent lettered bra sizes in the west, owing to smaller average breast sizes.	prosečne	0	0
Obavićemo posao.	We'll get the job done.	obavićemo	0	0
Najbolji roditelji od svih su oni koji dopuste svojoj deci da prate svoje urođene talente.	The best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.	dopuste	0	0
Ove cipele mi pašu.	These shoes fit my feet.	pašu	0	0
Дише ли?	Is he breathing?	дише	0	0
Дозволио сам Тому да вози мој ауто.	I allowed Tom to drive my car.	дозволио	0	0
Никада ме нећете ухватити живог!	You'll never take me alive!	ухватити	0	0
Тренутно нисмо код куће. Оставите поруке после звучног сигнала.	We're not at home now. Please leave a message after the beep.	поруке	0	0
То је за мога пријатеља.	It's for a friend of mine.	мога	0	0
Направи ми простор, молим те.	Make way, please.	простор	0	0
Извини за неред.	Excuse the mess.	неред	0	0
Узгред, одакле си?	By the way, where are you from?	узгред	0	0
Neću da te smaram.	I don't mean to nag you.	smaram	0	0
Ako želiš da razgovaraš sa mnogo ljudi, treba da naučiš Esperanto. Zašto ovaj jezik? Jer je istovremeno lep i stimuliše naše učenje. Međunarodni jezik je veoma važan jer ima tako mnogo ljudi iz različitih zemalja širom sveta. Uostalom, Esperanto nije samo koristan već i lak za učenje. Ako naučiš Esperanto, možeš da putuješ mnogim zemljama. Dođi i nauči!	If you wish to speak with many people, you ought to learn Esperanto. Why this language? Because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study. An international language is of great moment because there are so many people in the various countries of the world. And besides, Esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn. If you speak Esperanto you can travel in many countries. Come and learn it!	stimuliše	0	0
Мери је једна од најлепших девојака које сам икад видео.	Mary is one of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen.	девојака	0	0
Da li idemo ukrug?	Are we going in circles?	ukrug	0	0
Схватили су.	They understood.	схватили	0	0
Nemoj se bojati pasa koji laju.	Don't be afraid of barking dogs.	laju	0	0
За следећи час, хоћу да препишете текст од било ког певача који је на енглеском језику.	For next class, I want you guys to transcribe the lyrics from any singer as long as it's in English.	текст	0	0
Samouverena sam.	I'm confident.	samouverena	0	0
Не бих се удала за Том чак и да је најбогатији човек на свету.	I wouldn't marry Tom even if he were the richest man in the world.	удала	0	0
Живите ли дуго овде?	Have you lived here for a long time?	живите	0	0
Želim ti prijatnu sedmicu!	Have a good week!	prijatnu	0	0
Ово би могло да се настави данима, недељама или чак месецима.	This could go on for days, weeks or even months.	данима	0	0
Настави да возиш.	Drive on.	возиш	0	0
Јеси ли била на некој журци прошле недеље?	Did you go to a party last week?	некој	0	0
Требало је да останемо да помогнемо Тому.	We should've stayed and helped Tom.	помогнемо	0	0
Дошао сам овде да пронађем одговоре на своја питања.	I came here to find answers to my questions.	пронађем	0	0
Том је сломио руку играјући рагби.	Tom broke his arm playing rugby.	сломио	0	0
Сва врата су затворена.	All the doors are closed.	затворена	0	0
Moj prijatelj može tečno da govori Hindi.	A friend of mine can speak Hindi fluently.	hindi	0	0
Не могу ни да замислим кроз шта мора да си прошао.	I can't even imagine what you must've gone through.	замислим	0	0
Знање је моћ.	Knowledge is power.	знање	0	0
Šta ja to lupam?	What am I saying here?	lupam	0	0
Ако би морао да одеш на живиш на пустом острву и ако би са собом могао да понесеш само једну климу, коју би изабрао?	If you had to go live on a deserted island and could only take one book with you, which one would you choose?	острву	0	0
Нађите пара.	Pair up.	нађите	0	0
Једемо хлеб.	We eat bread.	једемо	0	0
Učio sam kako da pišem kanđi četkicom.	I've been learning how to write kanji with a brush.	četkicom	0	0
Nemoj da si prestrog prema sebi.	Don't be too hard on yourself.	prestrog	0	0
Знам колико ће отприлике времена то да одузме.	I know about how much time that's going to take.	отприлике	0	0
Ja mogu da neprekidno pešačim samo oko tri kilometara.	I can only walk about three kilometers at a stretch.	pešačim	0	0
Koga opisuješ?	Who are you describing?	opisuješ	0	0
Метал се може савити, уврнути, пресећи, утиснути, издужити, брусити, раширити и отопити у било који облик.	Metal can be bent, twisted, cut, pressed, elongated, sawed, stretched, and melted into any shape desired.	облик	0	0
Том се понекад понаша као силеџија.	Tom acts like a bully sometimes.	понаша	0	0
Ово је пакет који сам чекао.	This is the package I've been waiting for.	пакет	0	0
Никад нећеш погодити шта сам данас учинила.	You'll never guess what I did today.	учинила	0	0
Leva strana Tomove kuće je u Konektikatu, a destra strana je u Njujorku.	The left side of Tom's home is in Connecticut, while the right side is in New York.	konektikatu	0	0
Da li ste se potpuno oporavili?	Are you fully recovered?	oporavili	0	0
Том је знао да је много аутомобила на паркингу припадало ученицима.	Tom knew that many of the cars in the parking lot belonged to students.	аутомобила	0	0
То је трајало дуже него што сам мислио да ће трајати.	Doing that took longer than I thought it would.	трајати	0	0
Том и Мери се надају да ће њихово следеће дете бити дечак.	Tom and Mary hope that their next child will be a boy.	њихово	0	0
Био је то фин план.	It was a nice plan.	фин	0	0
Одлучио сам да постанем писац.	I've decided to become a writer.	писац	0	0
Pozivao sam ih nekoliko puta, ali oni nikada nisu došli u posetu.	Time after time I've invited them to come over and visit us but time and time again they've never come.	pozivao	0	0
Понудио сам Тому превоз.	I offered Tom a ride.	понудио	0	0
Научи!	Learn!	научи	0	0
Tom je bio vidno potresen.	Tom was visibly shaken.	vidno	0	0
Покушавамо да схватимо.	We're trying to figure it out.	покушавамо	0	0
Том још увек није пронађен.	Tom hasn't been found yet.	пронађен	0	0
То мирише укусно.	That smells delicious.	мирише	0	0
Све је спремно.	Everything is ready.	спремно	0	0
Кутија је пуна.	The box is full.	кутија	0	0
Bio sam jedini muškarac u turističkoj grupi. Ostatak su činile arapkinje koje žive u Istanbulu.	I was the only man in the tour group. The others were 7 Arab women who live in Istanbul.	činile	0	0
Tom je bio prefinjen.	Tom was sophisticated.	prefinjen	0	0
Nešto je ležalo na zemlji.	There was something lying on the ground.	ležalo	0	0
Nasamario sam te, zar ne?	I fooled you, didn't I?	nasamario	0	0
Променила си се.	You've changed.	променила	0	0
Тај виски је веома јак.	That whiskey is very strong.	виски	0	0
Напокон смо стигли!	At last, we have arrived!	напокон	0	0
Кад следећи пут одеш у супермаркет, купи тоалет папир.	The next time you go to the supermarket, buy some toilet paper.	папир	0	0
Tom ima problema sa svojim čizmama za šetnju. Ima žuljeve na tabanu jednog stopala.	Tom has trouble with his walking boots. He has blisters on the sole of one foot.	žuljeve	0	0
Изашла је напоље.	She went out.	изашла	0	0
Звоно звони у подне.	The bell rings at noon.	звони	0	0
Podrazumeva se da je među njima postajalo jedno prijateljstvo koje je prevazilazilo odnos gospodara i apostola u to vreme.	It goes without saying that at that time a kind of friendship beyond master and disciple grew between the two of them.	apostola	0	0
Том је добио хонорарни посао у ресторану брзе хране на три месеца.	Tom worked part-time at a fast-food restaurant for three months.	ресторану	0	0
Позови хитну.	Call an ambulance.	хитну	0	0
Свестан сам тога који је дан.	I'm aware what day it is.	свестан	0	0
Moja žena, koja je odrasla u Norveškoj, mi je od prvog momenta stavila do znanja da nije više aktuelno da žena trčkara oko muža po ceo dan.	My wife, who grew up in Norway, made it very clear, from the first moment, that it wasn't practice to be of service to the husband at all times.	trčkara	0	0
То су за мене шпанска села.	It's all Greek to me.	села	0	0
Узми у обзир све услове када приметиш да си преморен, и одлучи да ли је проблем са тобом или са временом.	Consider all the conditions when you find that you are fatigued, and decide if the trouble is with yourself or with the weather.	обзир	0	0
Хоћу чамац који ће ме одвести далеко одавде.	I want a boat that will take me far away from here.	чамац	0	0
Не изазивај судбину.	Don't tempt fate.	судбину	0	0
Волим гужве на плажи.	I like crowded beaches.	плажи	0	0
Њој се свиђа руски поп.	She likes Russian pop.	руски	0	0
Да ли је пиће бесплатно?	Are drinks free?	бесплатно	0	0
Još si neiskusan.	You're still inexperienced.	neiskusan	0	0
Gde je Avis šalter?	Where is the Avis counter?	šalter	0	0
Сетио сам се свих.	I remembered everybody.	сетио	0	0
Хтео сам да причам са Томовом мајком.	I wanted to talk to Tom's mother.	мајком	0	0
Војска је на северу да штити границу.	The army is in the north to protect the border.	штити	0	0
Tom je strastven biciklista.	Tom is an avid cyclist.	biciklista	0	0
Данас је понедељак.	Today is Monday.	понедељак	0	0
"Ako P, onda Q" je logički ekvivalentno sa "(Ne P) i/ili Q".	"If P, then Q" is logically equivalent to "(Not P) and/or Q".	logički	0	0
On nije društven.	He is unsociable.	društven	0	0
Свим дечацима у тиму су дате нове униформе.	All the boys on the team were given new uniforms.	тиму	0	0
Да ли си се већ уплашио?	Are you scared already?	уплашио	0	0
Нема потребе да се бојиш Тома.	There's no need to be afraid of Tom.	бојиш	0	0
Падала је киша током читавог путовања.	It rained the entire trip.	путовања	0	0
Ми смо разрушили рај и пакао.	We've destroyed heaven and hell.	рај	0	0
Повуците јаче.	Pull harder.	јаче	0	0
Спавали смо читав дан.	We slept all day.	читав	0	0
